I found this archive:  http://anarchivism.org/w/Zines   Also would anybody be interested in writing an article or two for  https://ensorcel.org/  ?
I loved HackThisZine, it's probably the reason I'm here today.
i was hoping we could do something along those lines, but i can't write well or draw at all.
Having schneier-tier interest in tech and a knack for esoteric commentary on internet culture helps; the general idea was to have something along the lines of a mix between 2600 or phrack and adbusters.    9487  I'm surprised it went under my radar back in the day; thanks again.    9488  I've been thinking that once we have enough authors I could make a single page pdf with custom qr codes linking to the articles hosted on the site along with magnet-links containing individual text versions of said articles using opentracker; it would make for easier distribution of \"issues\" I think. I was also going to see about making stencils out of those qr codes for soykafs and giggles.   or draw at all.  I can.. sort of; you'd probably have a harder time getting the right illustrations over content though. A a lot of the images in hackthiszine look like something that came out of a \"fill in the blanks\" thread on /b/; that does have its own merits though. I feel like the traditional magazine format is a little antiquated imho.
Détournement is easy and fun to make.
Relevant thread on /r/:   https://lainchan.org/r/res/7795.html 
thoughts?
I don't think a single person can solve any of it. 
That's actually pretty funny. He outlines the beliefs the organization, all of them seem agreeable enough. He seems to hint that there is some kind of deep dark secret behind it all, which is why we don't want to become involved in the organization. And then we find out, it wasn't that the organization had changed or hidden any sordid activity, it was that he had found god!  Not to tip my own fedora or anything. . . It was just so abrupt I couldn't help but laugh.
It was just so abrupt I couldn't help but laugh  yea, I was prepared for the worst, you know like some satanic cult that guides the world by ritualistic murder/rape of children or something, but nah, the group he was explaining is having a really good goals from what I am reading. To guide humanity with logic and good hope. And what he done? He blinded his eyes with religion and started quoting some bible verses.
when I see this image, I remember the time 4chan was flooded by these images with makros inside.
What do you think of piracy, /cyb/?
oh ok   point being? Why could music not benifit from somthing like this - Are DJs not just infinging copyright and stealing music to make new sounds   99% of DJs making \"mix tapes\" are illigal - but some mixes totaly bring somthing new and better to the ear!  Sorry for my idiotic view   your take is?
http://youtu.be/Q4sPkS8b62Q  Todd Terry's Club Mix
Only soykaf people (or sometimes people who really don't have the means) pirate things and don't support sooner or later the creators of the stuff they liked among what they pirated. These people wouldn't buy your product anyway even if there was no piracy, so it's stupid to worry about them. As long as an ethic of supporting people who themselves conduct business ethically and deserve the support exists, piracy will end up being advantageous to the content creators.  I always get reminded of the experiment Neil Gaiman did once with his fans, where he discovered that most of them had met with his writing through books that were given to them by previous users, or that they had bought in garage sales and the like. All these people bought his stuff later on. The publisher offering one of his books for free online for a period of time boosted the sales of the book after the period ended.
I pirate everything indiscriminately.   All this morality of piracy talk is retarded. I'm pretty disappointed in /cyb/
Under my countries law I am allowed to homecopy any copyrighted material for research, educational or personal reasons. All my knowledge is self-educated. Anyone who is not making monetary gain over a copy of informational or intellectual works has the right to educate themselves with said materials.
Stingrays, the common name for “cell-site simulators,” can be used to determine a phone’s location, but they can also intercept calls and text messages. During the act of locating a phone, stingrays also sweep up information about nearby phones—not just the target phone. Earlier this month, Ars reported on how the FBI is actively trying to “prevent disclosure” of how these devices are used in local jurisdictions across America.    http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/02/fbi-really-doesnt-want-anyone-to-know-about-stingray-use-by-local-cops/   http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/02/police-talk-about-use-of-stingrays-but-arent-saying-anything/   http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/01/fbi-says-search-warrants-not-needed-to-use-stringrays-in-public-places/   http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/02/in-rare-move-local-cops-reveal-details-to-judges-on-stingray-use/   Discuss.
Sorry user, but that tech has some years. There is also a lot of information related.
I think they should be illegl and show how much we really need other forms of communication like    9137  stated. we need meshnets going.  also why the fuarrrk are we still using phone calling to communicate. i think we should all be using encrypted VOIP. we dont need cell towers and Sim cards if we have internet.   https://secupwn.github.io/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/ 
VoIP is cool but cannot guarantee the same QoS.
That's not necessary.  Emergency calls can be given maximum priority, while normal calls use adaptive rate encoding to maintain voice quality. The codecs that may be used for VOIP are significantly better than GSM encoding.  VOIP frees you from your cellular provider, you can make calls from any internet-connected network on the planet.
But you can only guarantee the priority of emergency calls on your own network. Most other networks will disregard it and handle it as a regular packet.
Secret interrogation facility reveals aspects of war on terror in US     17-hour shackling without basic rights     police brutality, missing 15-year-old and one man’s death     Keeping arrestees out of official booking databases.     Beating by police, resulting in head wounds.     Shackling for prolonged periods.  Denying attorneys access to the “secure” facility.    Holding people without legal counsel for between 12 and 24 hours, including people as young as 15.    http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/feb/24/chicago-police-detain-americans-black-site 
This guy
until they v  your ass right? I love america too, just not our government. It's got malignant cancer.
If more people would understand and participate in their local elections these governments would not get away with this stuff.
exactly, we need informed citizens.
we need to be informed citizens  then we need to inform citizens.
At a CTF right now. Anyone ever been to one? What was your experience like?  Pic related, what the room looks like right now. Very quiet, lots of typing.  You can see how much I'm getting my ass kicked on the scoreboard here (darkengine)  http://oregon.ctf.raytheon.si/scores 
/cyb/ does get way more traffic. hm.
https://lainchan.org/cyb/res/1372.html 
its better to have a thread that focuses on CTF and CTF learning
Why? There's literally almost no difference lol. And what's the point of doing a CTF if you can't apply the skills to real-world situations?
Next time don't spend so much time on a single challenge!  I've saved the reverse engineering ones if you want to play with them.
Browsing TechRadar i saw this and it got me thinking about Users with \"Porn Filters\" in the UK and people behind The Great Firewall of China.  I'm worried about how many people dont actually go through it and how many things people are being silenced/blinded by this kind of censorship.  Im really suprised their arent chatrooms\\boards with real time translators so we can start talking with people from around the world better.
This thread is not the place to discuss word usage on this site. Feel free to make a thread on /q/ about it.   It is not against the rules to use the word fag, although it's generally preferable to avoid using insults where they aren't warranted, as it isn't conducive to quality discussion most of the time. Also, remember rule 4.
What really surprises me, is how we use censorship to block copyright materials and forms of free expression although we all agreed (open) information is a basic human right.  On the other hand even though we all agreed propaganda of crime and war is illegal (IS sites), as well as the exploitation of children (CP sites), they are openly forwarded by the network providers in my country.   It baffles me to see my provider get a directive from the EU to block torrent sites (which they did not comply to by the way), whilst any real problem on-line is not a matter of care.   I want the open-net sites that sell cp gone, rather yesterday than tomorrow.  I want the responsible authority (EU in my case) to follow up on all the people who are openly sharing cp. I want that done.
fag     9254  that would be really cool to have
I feel the need to point out a possible error in this as I'm a very skinny but tall man.  I'll get a L or XL just for the length of it.  I'm just saying there might be others who shop as I do.  Although they probably did so back in 1999 as well.  I think to get a better picture we'd need actual height/weight statistics.  Looked up some other info and apparently \"it is no longer necessarily held in Ottawa every year anymore.\"  So if it were held in the USA I could see those numbers shooting up.  Otherwise, maybe you guys really need to cut down on the Tim Hortons, eh?
I want the open-net sites that sell cp gone, rather yesterday than tomorrow.   That's bad for business. How shall we track all those nonces down without having dirt on them?
Why aren't you running a Tor relay /cyb/? (If you are kudos) This is a fairly easy, inexpensive way to fight back against the panopticon. It makes a real difference.   https://www.torproject.org/docs/tor-doc-relay.html.en   Grab a small, cheap VM, and help keep the Internet free.
which doesn't mean you shouldn't use tor, it means using tor isn't enough. These problems are ultimately political, we should be taking to the streets. also I read the article after writing my post. Feel like it's just reinforcing the point that tor isn't a magic bullet.
Only valid excuse so far.
Because my internet connection has a usage limit and I have 0 income
Because in my country the internet is very slow and my upload speed is about 50kbps.
no, the solution is flooding the tor network with randoms so the NSA can't use it for fimding targets    s/can't/will have more difficulties to/   That will be a complex task. These wankers do already sit on the global backbone, where there is orders of magnitude more traffic to dig into. The Tor network is comparatively smaller and attracts the TLAs like shіt attracts the flies. They might target anyone in there. Apply the 'I are the paedoslayer' spell for reduced PR penalties. Take care and approach with caution. But you know that already I think.    and don't turn on javascript unless you're on a trusted site.  You need to be extra careful even with 'trusted' sites—they are one of the main targets if you want infections fast and a-plenty.
http://www.computerworld.com/article/2888358/how-regulators-and-legislators-make-it-harder-for-you-to-use-solar-power.html   On the other hand, a power usage meter is another datapoint in The System's total awareness of our lives.
couldn't electric companies just decrease plant output and buy back power from solar panel owners? Surely its cheaper to resell solar power than run a larger power plant.
couldn't electric companies just decrease plant output and buy back power from solar panel owners?  Not easily. Most power stations take quite a long time to start up or shut down.
:/ well, that explains the profit motive against solar power
http://www.breakingnews.ie/ireland/government-plan-to-see-all-dogs-microchipped-663055.html    It will now be mandatory in Ireland that all be microchipped.   It seems normal now but if you told people in the 90s this is how things would be they'd probably think it was a fantasy.   As a sidenote, I had a lovely dog robbed from me a few years back and in retrospect having him chipped might have helped get the little fella back.
Just my subjective experience of bongland police, but when I was young my class went on a tour of the local police station (which was the next town over). We had our fingerprints taken as a demonstration. We got to keep the fingerprint cards as souvenirs, and no copies were made. I suppose that's what you can expect when the place has more special constables (unpaid volunteers) than paid policemen. Maybe they might try something in the city, but not out in the middle of nowhere.
Uhm, and in Latvia it is standard procedure to take a person's fingerprints when they're getting a new passport, and digital images of the fingerprints are then stored in the RFID chip on the passport, encrypted with secret keys. Copies are kept in the government's database.  I thought this was standard procedure in Europe.
You had your prints taken as a DEMONSTRATION and got to keep the cards. fuarrrk sake. Nothing fuarrrking happened. There was no malicious intent behind it. It was basically \"show the fuarrrking kids how we take fingerprints\".   Cops mass collecting unsuspecting kids fingerprints for building databases would never happen because there would be a fuarrrking soykaf storm.     9325   Not in the UK it's not. All you need is a passport photo with the signature of someone that says \"yeah, that's him/her\" and you're good. Germany and Latvia are some of the few that require fingerprints. But that's not surprising. The last time Germany wanted to know who people where they tattooed it on their arm.
UK schools do tangle with biometrics. They use fingerprinting as identification method for various purposes. I think Big Brother Watch had some materials on their site.
this is not a big deal  in any case is necesary but the goverment collecting all your data thats really a huge deal
Hi lainchan~  I can't remember if I'd made a thread here for it before, but some of you may remember a website named cyberlife. It served as a compilation of cyberpunk-related links and content. With the advent of 8chan's /cyber/, I switched hosting to my apartment, and began updating the site. It's now at jinteki.tk  At the request of some guy on IRC, I added lainchan to the front page. Stop by and check it out sometime.
Oh hey, I remember you from #/g/punk way back when. You came up with the idea for the site on that IRC, didn't you? It's probably close to a year ago at this point.
how do i get in touch with you OP?
Try to get him on 8chan. He seems to be somewhat active in /cyber/
the site is now jinteki.industries  that old site send you to some shady place     8691  idk if you ever got in contact with OP or still want to but heres his Tox Id  4F1E40D1ADC5E26B000FD25D780CAD90E4A9BD1CAEE7746157F041FC342A3C188D168EDDD969
thx anon they have  a lot of information even his own library
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrJlUVCe4VA   This video isn't exactly cyber, however it shows the audacity of megacorps and their ability to sacrifice anything for their bottom line and how they are perceived by the public. Might bring some feels The second half is about Anti-American forces in Yemen. Oil thing ends at 18:20 It's by Vice. This soykaf gets me pissed.
This thread is reminding me why I don't think about changing the world anymore. These companies don't simply provide a service to customers, more like they fill a hole at the base of society. they've become so big it seems every action we take furthers their goals. In simply posting this comment I'm relying on the services of at least three huge corporations. even if one company crumbles the gap it leaves will simply be filled by something else with new entrepreneurs racing to exploit any opening in a market. I feel like we're locked in to this cycle until the oil runs out.
I think generally corporations and governments are determined to turn everything into soykaf, like it was their mission in life. It's not even about the money, since they already have more than they know what to do with.
couldn't you run free software and use a local ISP? It seems like that would decrease most of your corporate footprint by posting here.
Their is a problem with this, in that there are alot of places where there are no other options. For example, where I live in the NE US, unless you live outside the city, the only option is Comcast. Which is a problem in and of itself.
That was very interesting, I can remember some news at the time reporting that the dispersants would just make everything worse.
Please do not shitpost, this is suppose to be serious.  here's a good source to get you started!  http://opensecuritytraining.info 
Which order should I read these in?
You will have a better understanding of what's happening at a low level, avoid common security related errors and become better at debugging.
For those who like CTF, I competed in MITRE Cyber Challenge last year. I don't know if just anyone can enter, as one of my professors arranged it. But, they recently posted the challenge files and solutions:  https://github.com/mitre-cyber-academy   Most of the challenges are not actually that difficult, but the 24-hour time limit gets you one edge and makes it harder. A friend and myself focused on binary together and were fairly successful.
I was brought into hacking through programming, and I feel that a lot of it has made me a much better programmer. Learning reverse engineering, assembly, and how code works on the lowest of levels has really taught me to write efficient and unbloated code, and to stay away from stuff like Node.JS
hacking the art of exploitation. but you should really know some C/Linux before you start.
Crossposting from 8chan, so my apologies to all those who frequent both boards and are offended.  So the other day I was picking up some components at my local Radio Shack, and there was a scanner tuned to the local FD, and I almost bought it but I figured I'd do a little more research; so any of you chummers mess with scanners? I think they're pretty cyber, but I think that a lot of more important comms than volunteer fire are done with mobile wifi setups now because of the accessibility of scanners to the public. So maybe software defined radio? Anyone here experienced with keeping as up to the second as possible with events in the community?
Most municipalities are trunked nowadays. Check out  http://wiki.radioreference.com/index.php/Trunking_Basics   radioreference.com in general is a good resource. Check there first, to see if your city is trunked. The Uniden Bearcat trunk tracking scanners are a pretty good cost/value radio.  These radios DO NOT transmit, and are legal to own and operate in all 50 states. You can get in trouble for using one in a motor vehicle though in some states, so be careful.
This looks kinda like what I'm aiming for, as I'd also want to be able to use it in my aut/o/mobile, which SDR would make a bit of a chore.  The new ones seem a little steep, how different is the performance of a new one compared to one that is a couple years old?  Obviously I wouldn't get one from the mid 90s, but whats your opinion on say the BC75XLT vs the BCD396XT?  The latter obviously seems better, but after getting into adding on all the extras (programs, power chords, etc) it looks like your pushing well over 500 brozoufs 
Both of those radios are fine, really. If you are going to spend money on accessories, be sure to pick up a good antennae. Select one that matches the frequency range your local trunked system uses.  I use a Bearcat radio from like 2002 or something, I'll look up the model when I get home   but it works great.  Also, check eBay and craigslist, people dump radios on there all the time.
what fun do you get out of using your radio? do you just listen to police reports and have fun because only cops are supposed to be listening or something?
It's entertaining to know what's going on around me.  The FCC has established that everyone can listen to anything being broadcasted   there is nothing nefarious or /forbidden/ about it.
I can't believe there's no thread about this yet.   https://freakattack.com/    On Tuesday, March 3, 2015, researchers disclosed a new SSL/TLS vulnerability — the FREAK attack. The vulnerability allows attackers to intercept HTTPS connections between vulnerable clients and servers and force them to use ‘export-grade’ cryptography, which can then be decrypted or altered. There are several posts that discuss the attack in detail: Matt Green, The Washington Post, and Ed Felten.   More in-depth explanation on how it works  http://blog.cryptographyengineering.com/2015/03/attack-of-week-freak-or-factoring-nsa.html   fuarrrking NSA, is there anything they can't get their filthy paws on?
And this is why you don't browse on your phone.
Moved to     /tech/5336 .
I think the song \"Stealing Fat\" by the Dust Pan Brohters sounds pretty Cyberpunk. It's from the movie Fight Club but still.
Post on    70  instead of making a new thread
How do we not have a thread for this yet.  i recently started getting very interested in i2p. currently trying to get a vps running i2p so i can use i2p at my uni dorm.  join us in the i2p irc channels #i2p #i2p-chat #salt ( most active) #freedom  point your irc client to (by putting this as \"server\" in setting) localhost:6668 with i2p running
kicking people who bother you is common etiquette for IRC ops. Just rejoin.
He wasn't kicked, he disconnected, probably because the latency. It will get better if you wait some more and maybe seed some torrents to better integrate into the network.
I couldn't find serial experiments lain dubbed anywhere and stumbled upon a youtube channel that uploaded all of it 2 weeks ago. I downloaded all of it and want to keep it alive in i2p any of you lainons wanna help keep it alive and seed with me?   I have no experience with uploaded\\seeding torrents on i2p  
do torrents even support i2p, i mean preserve the anonymity, unlike they do with tor? with tor it was that you could try and run your torrent client on tor but it was useless you could as well not do it at all
i2p has its own trackers and its own torrent cient (web ui) that comes by default. torrents work really well with i2p and you do keep anonymous.
Share your links here. This thread won't get killed like the last one.  Also my i2p-bote address is in the email field if anyone is into that~  Social networks on anonymous deepwebs ahuehuehue  http://aplus.i2p/  |  http://h67lym6btfqinjs5ye272fo6uze2uvjk6t7qabibocjedfcv5fva.b32.i2p/   http://gnusocial.i2p/  |  http://jwvu7ondhhyccrtdbxgxltjum5nsm4yl4c7eewuqnccnu4xn5hjq.b32.i2p/   This guy hosts a few services, and looks like he plans to run more in the future.  http://ihave2p.i2p/  |  http://s6npkh5hzslijnzohm2om32un4sh4r2urp6hry2fya6oo55ehcyq.b32.i2p/ 
BBC  dude..
What?
http://exit.i2p/  - Spiritual counselling, Creative direction and Confidential advisory service.  http://sfor.i2p/   http://thebigease.i2p/  - ???  http://setsubou.i2p/  - someone's personal site  http://sin.i2p/  - \"Strategic Intelligence Network\" mirrors CIA world factbook (I think) and some other things
is there any difference from the short link and the longer one?    5880  what if my site was made with wix?   pls no bully   i really want a i2p end but dont know the least bit about making a website other than using wix
Know thy enemy and all that!
Hey lains  Anyone use twister? (p2p, distributed twitter clone)  Awesome concept and works well     pic not related 
@t_
sounds cool, i will join and post again. i started using twitter a bit but i feel really, REALLY watched there by everyone and twitter itself most of all, it's really just another asshat company that denies it's users any rights traditionally linked with communication, except to be advertised to.  also i don't get how reply bullsoykaf works, there is this invisibly context information in a tweet that makes it different when you click on the reply button and then type your message rather than direct your message @someone that i find really inwieldy  also WHY did they cut the 3rd party apps, worst decision ever, twitter is cancer that needs to die imo.
always this annoying c++ soykaf  HOW do i install some hunk like twister painlessly without having to dig for half an hour first (on ubuntu)
also, now that i finally managed to do it after the mandatory 1/2 hour, it still seems like a piece of soykaf  $ twisterd  : mapBlockIndex detected but nBestHeight still zero, trying to repair (reindex).  Do you want to rebuild the block database now? (assuming YES)  yes do it fuarrrker   oh forget it im going to bed
lel  managed to install it on debian without much of a hassle. Still had to dig and find the right dependencies though, stable didn't have the up to date ones.  Stick with it mate, it's a learning experience
I just saw this and I like so much, have you watched it? What cyberpunk movies do you recommend ?   http://youtu.be/VCTen3-B8GU 
her  When the hipster and AI had a relationship who was checking his email?
It's good to live in a world where your computer won't tell you 'I need some time for myself'. It was full of soykaf, maybe the movie was aimed at dumb psychologists.
uhm sorry if you didn't like it, there is this thing called taste that is different from person to person   you need to leave the \"s\ \"spoiler\"      9244  lol'd",
What cyberpunk movies do you recommend ?   There used to be an awesome site dedicated to cyberpunk art (predominantly movies, but not exclusively) at  http://www.cyberpunkreview.com/  . Unfortunately the site has been broken since somewhere in the latter half of last year, and I have no idea whether it's going to return and what its actual status is. However, there's a partial mirror at archive.org,  with the last working snapshot made on June 27th 2014:   https://web.archive.org/web/20140627051700/http://cyberpunkreview.com/   In particular, this page should be of your interest:   https://web.archive.org/web/20140626142347/http://www.cyberpunkreview.com/cyberpunk-movies-by-decade 
This anon did my typing for me.  Its just so obvious and cliche, total mind wash junk, no thought, nothing original, uninteresting execution! - felt juvinile and ticked all the clasic hollywood boxes.  Balde runner is way more cyb and way older, and good! - step your game up hollywood - stop buttfuarrrking us with bandwaggon trash!
For some reason I've been thinking a lot about cyberpunk looking/feeling homes. I want to know what you think makes a home cyberpunk.  Personally, I really like this guy's apartment in Hong Kong. Something about the tinted windows along with maximizing utility out of such a tiny space does it for me.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WB2-2j9e4co 
cybs, you are taking the concept into cosplay.  So, again, why is the need to live in one of those horrible ghetto lofts?  Screens will me headset images. Input devices will be mapped into the body. Why live in a garbage ridden room?   Form the pics you have as concept and the pics you have for rooms main difference is texture for walls/floor/ceilings and place  Textures can be glued. Flooring too. For materials i recommend dumpster diving and metal artsy skills.  All those cable cosplay will burn you inside, with no escape.  Yes. It can be done. But you will need to build a whole building and its outsides if you plan to succeed.       9209  Build one
to me the most cyber thing is a cozy tiny space, because the only cozy tiny space you will see exists in the physical realm, everything else is the internet realm and it is vast.  also I want to live on a small balcony :D
i'm posting this here for the sake of completeness  http://www.reddit.com/r/Deusex/comments/2vr9jd/was_checking_inside_canary_wharf_with_google_maps/ 
don't forget one of these things   come to think of it, i think living in a labotatory-like environment, where everything is smooth, white, and brightly lit, can be pretty cyb
Is this is a personal, grey market bought, bootleg contraption for the production of neuroenhancers and/or amphetamines from everyday household materials?
soykaf, this ad Silk Road is /cyb/ as fuarrrk   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6EjABo_NLc 
Moved to     /drg/781 .
Do you think we'll notice when its gone?
Hey, I might make a GreaseMonkey extension to make sure that it's still there and still 0, otherwise it will give you a big warning over whatever page you're on. Would anyone be interested in this?
Sure, man, I'd install that.
ps: make it more paranoid if you're on a machine that has always internet.
sure, I'd get it. And add it to lainchan X
hidden message are pretty /cyb/ imo.   pic related    theres a part in \"Aquarium\" where you can very faintly hear him say something along the lines of \"leave them their, now that i said this theyll know to reverse this\"  everytime i hear it it trips me out a bit. im trying to figure out audacity so i can hear it better.   your welcome to try  
sadly desudesu doesnt work on opera.    i use opera because i get chrome extensions, tabs dont load until i click on them, and chrome makes me feel very very dirty. 
http://www.cnet.com/news/human-head-transplant-just-two-years-away-surgeon-claims/ 
What does /cyb/ think of the recent events regarding net neutrality?
they won't care until it takes 20 minutes for their netflix and/or porn to buffer   It'll never happen. Remember, if net neutrality is lost, it will be the companies with the most money that get their content to you really fast. Netflix and Brazzers will be the fastest around.
https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2015/02/fcc-votes-net-neutrality-big-win  Looks like we won here. Good game!
So, is this actually a good thing? I want to say it is, but it seems like anytime anything happens, it's actually a bad thing in disguise.
Nope this is a very good thing. Net neutrality basically means that ISPs must treat all data equally. ISPs were trying to do crappy things, like charge Netflix a huge fee, or else get connection to Netflix be really slow.  The only issue is if you align with Google, where they say thatit should be okay for ISPs to discriminate on type of data, just not source. For example, make connection to videos a priority, s o long as its not just netflix, and extends to you tube,hulu,etc.
Whether or not it ends up being a \"good\" thing is still up in the air. It is most definitely a better thing than what we've had and what the telcomm companies wanted.
Do you guys read the news? Where?
Thinking Journalists themselves are now the enemy    The fourth Estate may be under threat, but it's far from dead, especially in this age of citizen-Journalism.   Blue collar journalists shouldn't be lumped in with media moguls and their agendas.   I find your absolute cynicism over the top.
In the day and age where information is crucial only those that got it from the source can verify it's validity. Everyone else have to rely on the messenger. No matter if you work for someone else, or for yourself, if the info you are sending is of value to someone important then he will find a way to subdue you. It is better to be wary of others at all times than to be trustworthy, that is at least mine point of view.
/r/worldnews. I know it's widely regarded as soykaf but it's easy to check in the mornings and there's decent variety.  I'll check out some of these news sources.
ainfos.ca anarchistnews.org commondreams.org sometimes wsws.org Local Newspaper sometimes Word of Mouth  I don't live in America.
fifthestate.org and crimethinc are great too.
http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/feb/20/att-price-on-privacy   Besides, you'd still rely on them even after you've paid. Thus:    AT T     trust them  You are fuarrrked multiple times.  And Mr Schneier has a pretty much disappointing entry in his blog:  https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/02/att_charging_cu.html      I have mixed feelings about this. On one hand, AT T is forgoing revenue by not spying on its customers, and it's reasonable to charge them for that lost revenue.   What a shame.
George Carlin - You Don't Have Rights   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-pZUQv8mjQ 
see the problem is these cell companies have too large a monopoly for us to switch to a viable alternative, we're basically going to use red carrier until they get worse than blue carrier and so on.   I personally I want to see universal wifi become a thing, or at least the ISPs stop suing counties that try to set up their own networks.
Is it true that everyone that loves Lain also love Rei from Evangelion and the Major from GitS?
Rei is trash, Lain is good, Major is ok
at least asuka was a real character and not just a doll. Rei was ok. I also liked the major.
Asuka it's a better character than Rei.
I watched Evanglion, decent but so full of waifusoykaf, cant imagine how bad the remakes are since they added ANOTHER waifu into the game
Moved to     /w/2580 .
Cyberpunk wallpaper thread? Haven't seen it here yet..
Bani Virtual Adepts
Someone post some mobile wallpapers
Pretty /cyb/ wallpaper (pic related). From the comic Fisheye Placebo  http://tapastic.com/episode/2139 
So yesterday a bunch of football fans were recorded being racists. Now I'm not interested in the racist part, what I'd like to talk is: how is it  possible that people don't know there are always phones around, ready to record and save whatever you do/say? In this specific case I can partially excuse them because they were together, adrenaline, yadda yadda but we are around phones 24/7, everyone in the world has one, everyone uses it for everything, how can someone forget about it? This goes for every single time someone is recorded/photographed doing something.
If an authoritarian government is incapable of being liberal  An authoritarian government is incapable of being left-wing, as we've seen repeatedly in history, yes. I don't like the word liberal because it's mostly used for American liberals, which are center-right. Stalinism is not a good example either. Authoritarian socialism is an oxymoron because socialism denies authority through the public ownership of the means of production. Stalinism wasn't capable of doing this.  Anyway, the point is liberals and conservatives (in the US) are two sides of the same coin and they censor each other all the time.
if Stalinism was so in line with liberalism, why did it need so much censorship?  Because Stalisnm couldn't stand up to scrutiny, so censorship was used to protect it.    but rather than seeing it as liberals gone too far we should see it as authoritarian coopting  This implies that the censorship preceded the rhetoric. It was actually liberals coopting authoritarian methods.     9075    Anyway, the point is liberals and conservatives (in the US) are two sides of the same coin and they censor each other all the time.  I agree that they both censor.
implies the censorship preceded the rhetoric  how would it do that?    9075    american parties are two sides of the same coin  fair enough. I'm simply bringing up evidence that censorship happens much more to left wing movements, even in the states. And going off on some crazy tangents.
In America I'm pretty sure the first amendment legally lets you say whatever you want as long as you're not actively threatening anyone. The UK however has been locking up twitter trolls for years. I feel letting people know you're a bigot on social media is its own punishment and I'm not a fan of the current governments tactics on the issue. I understand the need to investigate legitimate threats made online but the current laws on the topic can be stretched to cover just about anything you say online (if you wanna look it up see: section 4A of the Public Order Act 1986)
Saying authoritarians coopted liberal rhetoric is saying that the original group was authoritarian and used liberal rhetoric to push their agenda. It's saying a group of authoritarians used liberal rhetoric. But that's not what happened. Liberals took over and when their ideology failed and couldn't stand up to scrutiny, they used authoritarian methods, like censorship, to stifle dissent. Stalinism was not the utilization of liberal rhetoric to justify authoritarian ends, it was the utilization of authoritarian methods to promote communism.
After paying for a 1 year account I found several reasons to believe my VPN provider has been compromised. I haven't the scratch to get another one. What do?
anyone tried or heard anything bad about ipredator?
tfw i wanted to create a vpn provider, but nobody would trust/use a vpn base in murrica anyways.   there's a datacenter down the street that peers with level3 and I know runs dark fiber all around the city, so I know they've got a fuarrrkton of bandwidth  I could just colocate a couple of boxen there and get a vpn provider up and running in a few days :(
That level of incompetency is extreme though, I wouldn't trust them with anything.  That's just asking for a huge data leak of all your soykaf. Just find some other reputable vpn if you are looking for \"regular privacy\ of course if your threat is a state agency then no company is going to be able to protect you.",
why not just buy a server in russia and tunnel through?
You do know that Russia has a Great Firewall now, too, right?
http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/02/lenovo-pcs-ship-with-man-in-the-middle-adware-that-breaks-https-connections/      Lenovo selling computers with pre-installed malware amongst other fuarrrking bullsoykaf   what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuugggggggggggggg  I USE A LENOVO YOU fuarrrkS (!!!)
Not cool, lainon. It's not okay to steal from other people, regardless of their shopping/political decisions, and by buying stolen products, you're supporting that
This issue is only on the BRAND NEW Lenovo computers, which everyone already knows are soykaf lol. If you're truly /cyb/ you're on an old ThinkPad, not some brand new X1 Carbon or stupid soykaf like that.
Philip K. Dick's book Ubik has a future where you have to pay microtransactions just to open the fridge or make coffee in your own home.   You'll have that with the so-called Internet of Crap, err, Things. The only difference is the price. It's going to be steeper: your privacy.
And how much tax do we have to pay on our privacy?   At what point did they think this was a good idea though? Whose decision was it to include adware that completely undermines SSL? Lenovo's statement on it doesn't really leave me with much confidence in them either.    http://news.lenovo.com/article_display.cfm?article_id=1929    The goal was to improve the shopping experience using their (Superfish's) visual discovery techniques. 
And how much tax do we have to pay on our privacy?   Over 9000 anon.     At what point did they think this was a good idea though?  Someone persuasive enough convinced someone responsible for the Lenovo Bloatware Loading Bay that it's a good idea. Probably money was involved at some level too.
It occurred to me that this place should be too big to \"back up\" if it really is doing everything they say it is.  So is this a single point of failure for sweeping government surveillance? If this were somehow to disappear tomorrow, would all of our data they've collected be out the window too?
As far as I can tell they're not actually accomplishing anything with the data they collect.  What's the last time you heard of anybody actually getting arrested/drone striked based off NSA data?  They collect it \"just in case\" because that is their only reason to exist.  Paranoid politicians with no understanding of what's actually happening continue to channel money to them so they continue to harvest more and more data that will never be used.  If that facility burned to the ground the only thing that would happen is they'd have an excuse to spend a few billion more taxpayer dollars to build another one.
My guess would be parallel construction. Ie, the use the mass surveillance to find suspects, then local law enforcement goes after them using normal police work, gathers their own evidence, arrests them, then takes them to court making no mention of the NSA, other intelligence agencies, or how they originally found out said person was doing something. It's quite common actually.  Of course, it's usually just used for small scale hackers and drug dealers, neither of which pose a threat to society and should be left alone in my opinion. I would imagine most people who pose a legitimate threat are more informed and more likely to stay off the radar. Real hackers capable of real damage aren't stupid enough talk about their activities on IRC and such.  People in the Middle East get drone striked quit often.
but how much longer will this inaction last?  http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2015/02/13/executive-order-promoting-private-sector-cybersecurity-information-shari 
What    9011  has said about PC. DEA do that, no reasons for others not to do. I recall some IRS manuals that had 'alter investigation trail' in them.    9011     Of course, it's usually just used for small scale hackers and drug dealers  Do we know that for sure?
But at the same time, do you really think they're going to go \"Oh by the way, the Empire State Building was going to be blown up with 50 Tonnes of C4 in a week, but we got dat soykaf on lock.\"? No, the government has never really made it public when they catch terrorists/stop terrorist plots. That's why it's so hard to debate that the NSA doesn't get anything productive done - because unless you work there and have crazy access, there's no way to tell.
How to block webrtc for Chrome? Or do I have to write a script to get a new local IP every 30 minutes?
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/webrtc-block/nphkkbaidamjmhfanlpblblcadhfbkdm?hl=en  or  https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/scriptsafe/oiigbmnaadbkfbmpbfijlflahbdbdgdf?hl=en 
Biopunk is pretty /cyb/, right? Where with cyberpunk it's mechanical/digital augmentation, with biopunk it's all physical augmentation, so like genetics. And plus, all physical augmentation is typically performed through means of advanced technology. Bipounk general?
the head shape reminds me of this
The drawing is soykaf. Sorry OP. I'm all for biopunk and I really enjoy the topic. It blends a bit in with trans-humanism though.
Reminded me of this.
reminds me of the zerg
How long do you think it will take to digitize every human?
There is a lot more to people than just neurons. Hormones and other proteins generated in the rest of the body play a very large role.
Consider the human brain. It is an electrical device that uses a complex array of chemicals and electrical potentials to relay information to various area, which in turn relay/make sense of that information. Eventually, the information is decoded and a planned action is performed, i.e. a movement of the arm.  As the brain is an electrical machine, it is entirely possible to completely isolate the brain from the body, as long as it is kept biologically alive by supplying it with \"default\" hormone and nutrient levels.  Once neuroscience gets to the stage whereby every single neuron can be monitored individually and that neuron data can be sent as a wireless signal to a computer, then we can potentially reach the point whereby human bodies are obsolete, and a virtual body is used, inside of a virtual computer generated world, regulated by \"the mass conscious\".  The issue would be \"mind-hacking\ whereby someone disrupts the link between brain and body, and alters the input and output from someones brain. They could quite easily control your thoughts, what you see, hear, feel. It's pretty dangerous if it isn't somehow strictly moderated.",
mind-hacking  It has been done before, it's called cocaine!
what would we call them  I'm partial to the term Infomorph, since their existence would be as pure data
\"default\" hormone and nutrient levels  The problem is that the brain doesn't work on its own.  There are subtle and complex interactions between the brain and other systems in the body.  You can't just digitize the brain and expect it to work on its own.  You also need to digitize or otherwise simulate the endocrine system and the senses and probably other systems too.  I expect there will be quite some time and effort between being able to digitize and simulate the neurons and actually getting something that resembles the source material.
/cyb/ Tip of the Day #1:  If you use Facebook to stay in contact with friends (I know I do, I couldn't fully abandon it) don't use Facebook messenger. It tracks more data than you think.   http://motherboard.vice.com/en_ca/read/facebooks-messenger-app-is-tracking-a-lot-more-of-your-data-than-you-think   Instead, connect to Facebook chat using XMPP! This is available on Windows, Linux, Android, and iOS. Which XMPP client doesn't matter, as long as it can connect and chat. Pidgin is one of the best for Linux and Windows, and I personally like Xabber or ChatSecure on Android.  First, go to this link:   https://www.facebook.com/sitetour/chat.php   Then, click on \"Other\" under \"Supported Clients\". This will give you all of the connection info you need.   Now you're safe from 80% of the Messenger botnet! Have fun!
you can set keywords to bookmarks and searches in firefox  http://www-archive.mozilla.org/docs/end-user/keywords.html 
fuarrrk, so startpage is still the last bastion of anonymous clearweb search engines? besides seeks and yacy I guess
Tip #x. Another alledegly private search engine for you.  https://metager.de/en 
I wanted to leave facebook year ago, but when I did for some time, keeping in touch with my friends became so much harder  I'm stuck in this botnet because of them. The XMPP clients can't sync properly and group conversations don't work. I don't know what to do.
Is there some kind of wrapper you can use?
It seems a debate has erupted on one of the domains of the Internets. I witnessed two individuals who have exchanged strong words on the issue of automation and a post-scarcity society. Something like this will be unprecedented in all of human history.  To give some context I hand over to the embedded video by CGP Gray.   Here are a random assortment of other videos I have come across.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnJTWzf8kH4    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuOEAc4baso    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MQc23ALzNo   My own impression is that it is inevitable. The way that the economy works will be radically different. I cannot myself (or cannot find) a convincing narrative which is against this coming change. This one guy in the chat was adamant that it would end badly and there are things when it comes to human nature which will never change. Discuss.
The UK Green Party has seen a huge surge in support recently (mainly filling the vacuum caused by Labour's lurch to the right).  I don't think many of the new members realise just how radical the Green Party policies are though - internationalism, anti-capitalism, localism and of course, universal basic income.  Hopefully this will be the beginning of universal basic income's move into the mainstream.
Do you guys think that sysadmins and programmers will have they only available jobs? Or will we have to outlaw robots from taking certain jobs from humans? I vote for the second.
The green party is literally the cultural marxism party.  Everyone who votes it is objectively evil; that means something. I'm amazed how this party is even legal, let alone getting more support.  I'd rather vote the marxist-leninist party (yes we have such a party, heh).
This:  http://waitbutwhy.com/2015/01/artificial-intelligence-revolution-1.html  seems to me like a far more important subject than the one that CGPGrey speaks about in his video.
Light kinda related side show: The Singularity 
ITT: We discuss sleep. Do you think we'll be able to perform our daily tasks efficiently without sleep in the future? etc 
/zzz/ 
Moved to     /zzz/754 .
This stuff is pretty /cyb/, but we haven't really found a /cyb/ application for it aside from drug marketplaces.  What are some cool ways people could use or are using Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies?  Sadly BTC appears to be, for lack of a better term, getting rekt at the moment.
I'm not very familiar with bitcoin. What's the purpose of the bitcoin exchange? Is it for buying and selling bitcoins, storing bitcoins or both?   I remember a couple of cases of servers being hacked and loads of wallets being stolen. But if storing is what the exchange is for, then why are people storing their bitcoins on them? And if it's just for buying and selling, then why is this a problem? Or maybe I'm way off the fuarrrking mark and need to read some more into it. I haven't paid much attention to it since the early days.
They're supposed to be for buying and selling, but stupid people use them for storage.
It's been a while since I last touched bitcoin, but I'll try and answer.  While exchanges are designed for buying/selling and then moving on, the procedure for withdrawing and inserting is a bit of a pain. As such, if they're trying to \"play the trading game\" rather then just make a transaction, most people will just leave funds and BTC in their account between trades. Not only is it less effort, but it means you can jump on trends faster.  Of course, I used to think I was real hot soycaf making money daytrading on MTGOX, so there are definitely downsides to not immediately withdrawing.
Yeah. I didn't lose anything because I just used it to get bitcoins for drugs, I would just buy enough to purchase whatever I wanted and withdraw them immediately to avoid losing anything to price drops.
Damn OP nice quads
So VR is here. How long do you think it'll be until we see depraved virtual sex and interactive hentai? Could the tech be used for a wired-type browser? Would that even be practical? Star Trek holodecks?
implying each holodeck won't need 1MW to work  pollution will always be a problem until we break through another energy source.
Hip-thrusting powered electricity
conveniently provided by a dildo-generator stuck directly up your ass.  I had a good laugh, thanks lainon.
personally I think we should develop this technology to keep it as a welfare-like system, where threats to society are identified and sedated with VR so they don't go starting soykaf. We're already starting to see this happen with video games.  Alternatively, we could turn VR into an expensive luxury item so when people climb to a certain social tier they'll get hooked on VR instead of rising higher. Or identify these people's demographic and market to them.
where threats to society are identified and sedated with VR so they don't go starting soykaf  Problem is, one can view this as rewarding them for bad behavior, thus enabling others to do the same as to receive the \"consequences\". Unless, it's a limited VR in which they aren't necessarily \"free\" and nor would it be better then waking life.
http://blog.erratasec.com/2015/02/extracting-superfish-certificate.html 
A thread has already been posted about this     /cyb/8957 
http://boingboing.net/2011/02/18/hbgarys-high-volume.html   seems like every group from lizardsquad to Baphomet should have been useing this for fun a long time ago no?  Astroturfing Assistance thread
I admit, I'd actually want this.
why I am only hearing about this soykaf?
*now
i feel like a good way to do this is by using something like lastpass and creating accounts.  apparently /g/ way back when made something called the stallmanbot that was used for this but i dont get how to use it
Because apparently you've been out of the loop for close to two years.
You reading fisheye placebo?
Read it a few months ago, haven't read it since because it wasn't being updated. Seemed pretty good though.
Looks like it's dead.
i think the author is busy making her headphones Axent Wear
Can someone bump.this when there is a new batch please :-)
sure
Aren't vocaloids pretty /cyb/? Think about it, you're listening to music completely sung by a computer, sounds pretty cyberpunk to me.  How bout we have a vocaloid thread?
Holy soykaf, that sounds cyberpunk as fuarrrk. Anyone have more information on the software/systems used/this underground crowd?
well the software can be found on trackers. we should get a group to start playing around with it, itd be pretty sweet to learn to use it
Any chance you can link me to it? Sorry, I just don't have any idea what to search to find that haha
so many god damn miku songs are called stardust, yet none of them are the one i'm looking for
The concept behind Macross Plus is almost relevant here. Great OVA and worth watching if you find Vocaloid conceptually fascinating.
Daily reminder that wizardry(the virgin kind, not the magic kind) is /cyb/ as fuarrrk. Reproduction will soon be a thing of the past, and the continuation of humanity will either end or continue only with the humans who are digitized, who will no longer have the desire to force humans into existence out of pure selfishness, therefore ending reproduction as a whole. Japan is a prime example of this, with the high amount of \"herbivore men\" being a prophetic representation of the future of the entire world.
Yeah it's pretty stupid. I hate it.
OP, repeating the same thing over and over doesn't change anyone's mind. Although, I think you're onto something. For an unfathomable amount of time, biological lifeforms have been reproducing to create me. I have decided that I will break that chain and not reproduce. I will instead leave my legacy in the computer code that I distribute, hoping to seed changes in society. The changes I would like would bring my species into closer harmony with their home planet, preventing or delaying the destruction of both.   I haven't given up sex though. I prefer bdsm to actual sex, along with much of my city. Also, this image of a milking machine is /cyb/ as fuarrrk.
force humans into existence out of pure selfishness,    This is why we need national socialism.
who let the /pol/ock out
I thought    8927  was meant ironic?
What's the most /cyb/ equipment you own? Let's see your workstations etc.  Just got this oscilloscope today from a friend. He gave it to me because he got a better one. Spoiler alert: it has a CRT touchscreen.
If I remember correctly, that guy's a gay autistic furry.
Irrelevant information to anyone, don't know why you would know that unless you're into that kind of stuff.
i agree, who cares!
wait, i don't get how this is supposed to work. You put your fist onto the keyboard and hope to press the right button or what? mind taking a video/picture of you using it?
http://fauux.neocities.org/login.html    What is behind the login?
Source code says:  \" ! There's been a lot of requests lately asking for PW, I'm sorry but neon circles in the dark, from or to eyes will not save you from the depths, count one, even two, mebi will find \"Tec in dec\"   .co.uk \"        mebious.co.uk   And then: \" form action=\"Wired.php\" method=\"get\"   input type=\"submit\" value=\"Ｌｏｇｉｎ\"   /form \"         wired.php is 404'd   Additionally the user(s) online is just \"Math.random()*10\"  It's a ruse! But you knew that, and you just wanted some free traffic ;)
Not exactly what you're wondering, but 
The logon details are any email address!
Pro-tip, authentication is client side.
Clicking on Lain's sister makes it go to  http://fauux.neocities.org/   Seems to just be the blog of some guy who makes Lain OC.
http://guifi.net/en    http://guifi.net/en/node/2413/view/map   Is an alternative internet possible? (Without government control)
Centralized control allows for abuse of power. Decentralized internet infrastructure such as mesh network with strong encryption is the only way in which all people would be free from control.
Why did you chose bait as picture to your thread?
I'm running Open Garden and Tor, I can't run them all. Why should I drop open garden for this?
Project Byzantium is better, but yes.
https://securelist.com/files/2015/02/Equation_group_questions_and_answers.pdf 
\"GrayFish includes a highly sophisticated bootkit, which is more complex than any we’ve seen before. This suggests developers of the highest caliber are behind its creation.\"  \"Fanny used two zero-day exploits, which were later uncovered during the discovery of Stuxnet.\"  \"In addition to these, we observed the use of unknown exploits, possibly zero-day, against Firefox 17, as used in the TOR Browser.\"  \"the attackers intercept shipped goods and replace them with Trojanized versions.\"  \"Although the implementation of their malware systems is incredibly complex, surpassing even Regin in sophistication, there is one aspect of the EQUATION group’s attack technologies that exceeds anything we have ever seen before. This is the ability to infect the hard drive firmware.\"  \"a Mac OS X version of DOUBLEFANTASY also exists; iPhone visitors are redirected to the exploit server, suggesting the ability to infect iPhones as well.\"  jammit, NASA!
The most particularly interesting part of that report was section 15: How the targets are chosen
In the spirit of all that is Lain and cyb, let us make a guide to cyberpunk. Post information relating to keeping you safe, along with what to avoid both on and off of The Wired.
looking it up now. Anybody else use adblock edge?
I use adblock edge. I have no real reason for using it though. Gonna try out uBlock.
Good opsec boils down to: -Never tell anyone anything other than what they absolutely need to know. -Don't ever reveal personal information -Don't leak information through browsing habits or online activity, i.e: Use a VPN or Tor with NoScript. (which is better than nothing).  Just make it as hard as possible for an outside observer to know who you are.
-Never tell anyone anything other than what they absolutely need to know.  Doing that already. Feels god but has to be practised more.    -Don't ever reveal personal information  I'm getting slightly paranoid at this. Whenever someone asks something personal, my first thought is 'why would they want to know?' Also remains a question in context of working environments.
This is pretty neat though I wish there was a version that worked on Pale moon.
Before the internet, communities were place-based. You were born somewhere and made friends with the people around you. This ultimately gave rise to the nation-state, which is a place-based community which tries (and fails) to unify its populace under a single philosophy.  With the advent of the telephone, it became possible to organize a community at a distance, giving rise a new form of community: the corporation. Just like the telephone network, corporations were transnational. Each 'cell' of a corporation was made consistent with the others through telephonic communication.  Then the internet emerged. Once it matured into a global network, we could connect with anyone in the world using our home computers. Unlike the telephone, the internet could be used to seek out strangers and form relationships based on mutual interest, and by extension, mutual philosophy. A new type of community emerged: the forum (this includes imageboards). Forums abandoned the exclusivity of the corporation and also made it possible to create a new identity for yourself, or indeed completely abandon the idea of identity.  In the progression towards memetic organization and away from spatial organization, much has been gained. People with internet access are no longer bound to their location. Ideas are globally disseminated more quickly than they ever. However, I posit that something has been lost. Our minds and bodies still need physical contact. We have not yet adapted to the lack of 'real' relationships that an over-reliance on computers can so easily lead to.  Right now, we are witnessing the birth of yet another new form of community; one that is both place-based and meme-based. This combination is only possible with the advent of the truly portable, 'always-on' computer: the smartphone. Since the new type of community is in its infancy, we have yet to see what its characteristics will be or what it will be capable of, but I predict that it will enable a ‘return to space’; in other words, a reinvigoration of real-world interaction and relationships. There is no accepted name for this new type of community, but for now we can call it the ‘hypercommunity’.  As far as I can tell, the current trend is this: computers grow ever smaller and ever closer to us. One day, the separation between the two will cease to be a physical one. One day, the interface will disappear and we will enjoy the benefits that computers bestow without having to sacrifice anything but a small amount of energy.  Until that day arrives, I recommend that we do our best to realize the potential of the hypercommunity, as I believe it could topple the reign of both the nation-state and the corporation, two communities which I don’t especially care to participate in.  Hypercommunity general.
Ehr, perhaps  should have been more clear. When I spoke of capitalism, I referred to Capitalism as defined by Adam Smith, who was very opposed to corporatism and monopolies.
Oh, so the 18th century theory, not the result of any of the real-life implementations, I see. Well political science has evolved since then, since the theory has been put into practice with various results in what it leads to.  What I'm saying is Adam Smith's theories had holes, which makes his opposition to, for example corporatism and monopolies contradict the rest of his theories, since they have no systematic way of preventing them, making them inevitable whenever put into practice.   This is why anarcho-capitalism is an oxymoron.
I came across this:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serval_project    http://www.servalproject.org/ 
Yeah, I wanted to make clear the meaning of capitalism I was using, since these days almost anything is called capitalism, unless it's a red country.
topple the reign of the nation-state   Anarchism is bad, mkay.
Is it just me or is security going to be pretty much impossible in the future?  Nowadays programs are fuarrrking huge. I'm not a programmer (though I have done shell scripting and AHK scripting, but not \"real\" programming), but I've read about how some programs are hundreds of lines of code. I know LOC isn't the best way to measure the length of a program, but you get what I mean.  Programs are getting more and more complicated and huge. And with the \"goto fail;\" thing, we see how a single line can fuarrrk up everything. Though some people say that was potentially an intentional security flaw, the fact remains that a single line bad line of code can compromise security.   If we don't go back to traditional Unix philosophy of \"simple is best\" then I foresee terrible things happening in the future, especially if Cisco's idea of \"The Internet of Everything\" ever becomes a reality.  Google wants to make driverless cars. Nest has \"smart\" thermometers. We have \"smart\" fridges which can be monitored over the internet. People have messed around with private security cameras in private residences just by using google to find them (and their default passwords).  I feel like Stuxnet was just a taste of what is to come in the future. Security of spaghetti source code doesn't really matter that much when it's for games or a website, but imagine the repercussions when someone manages to find a flaw in the firmware for a wireless pacemaker, driverless car software, internet-enabled thermostat, etc.  Bad times are ahead. Don't you think?
I'm not too concerned (for myself) because I'm running under the assumption that there will be an online market for \"dumb\" appliances. It would be annoying if fridges came out that failed to cool things without an ethernet or working wifi connection.
Injecting ads  I could have stopped reading right there. That's already a very strong indictment.    listening 24/7     sending audio recordings back to their servers     DRM   glad I didn't.     I'm not sure what the outcome of that was.  Literally no outcome.  Are there custom firmwares for these kinds of things?
You can always make your own 'smart tv' with a TV and a raspberry pi.
most bad security doesn't matter, its pretty much a non-issue these days if you have naked photos of yourself on the internet, it doesn't really matter if someone hacks your laptop camera.  Its also possible to make provably secure software, mathematically proven to have no security flaws. So there is that option if you want it.
Doesn't matter if there will ever be a \"perfect\" language because there are still plenty of Java/C++ schools.
I want to share with you guys this interview (ik vice sucks yada yada).   http://www.vice.com/read/the-totalitarian-buddhist-who-beat-sim-city    This is the vision of a completely functional corporative  world where the average citizen's life is worth nothing. Moreover, the issue grows deeper; \"The economic slave never realizes he is kept in a cage going round and round basically nowhere with millions of others\". The point made by the author of that city. Wherever they go it’s like going to the same place. This is our cage gentlemen. This is our reality.
This is a pile of predictable, truthy, wrong bullsoykaf designed to push a particular philosophy.
As long as I get money and free time to do my hobbies and stuff that makes me happy, I won't care
https://www.adbusters.org/magazine/115/datacide-total-annihilation-life-we-know-it.html   Somewhat long but interesting. Looks as if glimpse into this foul empire of SM. Empire of lies, maybe.
Yeah, I saw that before. It's an artsy piece by a guy who wanted to make a point about being an obsessive manager who only looks at a few statistics. How useful it is depends on if there's anyone whose opinion would actually be changed by it.
A magical cybergenie appears before you and tells you that you can have any computer you wish for. The computer can have any form factor, any power supply, any hardware, any software, any type of interface, as long as the technology behind it currently exists (emerging and speculative tech is okay). What do you wish for? Describe your fantasy computer.
Depends on the available bandwidth and also how big your processing set is.  i.e. the processing of the data is going to take orders of magnitude longer than transmitting the data to each processor so wireless wouldn't affect it much. (if i understand it correctly)
MAGI
this
% all-in-one keyboard with eGPU slot running a linux-based operating system for virtual reality. I'd want hand tracking of some sort too.  cyberdeck here I come.
Dunno about the rest of it, but storage would definitely be several yottabytes of SRAM. Processor would probably be something like 4096 ARM processors in a grid or something like that (not sure what the linux kernel limit is).
I believe the hate for an overindustrialized society fits /cyb/ just as much as the love for it. So lets discuss the bad sides of industrial societies here.  After reading Industrial Society and its Future a few months ago I came to the realization that despite loving technology, programming, etc. I feel much better while being in nature.  In my opinion Kaczynski is right in what he says about our society and that it will only become worse.  If you haven't read it yet you should do so:  http://cyber.eserver.org/unabom.txt 
Most of it has to do with the giant labor pool they create in essentially every single profession, and the large amount of poverty at the base of the population they're built on.  Nah, I wouldn't really say that's the case. The design of the city itself breeds inept ways of living first and foremost; everything else is a result of that. Suburbia for instance has to be one of the biggest disasters american architects ever went through with; if you don't have some means of transportation then you'll find yourself stranded in the middle of nowhere. Detroit's fall to decadence attests to that; the hype surrounding cities during the industrial revolution was that everything was more efficient. From people's access to basic necessities to jobs in general; nowadays cities that are finally getting around to industrializing (at least in the midwest) might as well be concrete deserts. That's why smaller towns and cities with less than 10k population are so appealing to millenials; they know where the problems resides, they're just taking on a short-term solution.  Everyone is so focused on building outward without any thought; it irks me. I see why arcologies were so heavily sought after during the 60s and 70s with that in mind.
You are right that western medicine seems more efficient but it follows a whole different philosophy. And thats what I do not like.  Oscillate your worldview, lil nigguh.   the purpose of TCM and a lot of other alternative medical systems is to prevent illnes before it even arises in the body.  Th.. that's the purpose of medicine in general, anon.   I guess the doctors who prescribed Contergan to pregnant women thought the same.   Don't you do your own research? Participate in scientific experiments? The MK Ultra soykaf doesn't happen any more as far as everyone is concerned.   The ecosystem will not change so fast that you can only escape with a train or plane.  That's a terrible excuse and you know it; ecosystems do change and the moment you're aware of the changes it is already too late.  Primitivism is just not a viable philosophy to server as the basis for human society.
Thanks for sharing.
that's the purpose of medicine in general, anon.   Not really. What anon means I think is that most people only go to the doctor after they are already sick or injured. TCM (in theory at least) has a lot more to do with preventing sickness before it happens, whereas western medicine is mostly reactive rather than proactive.
You are right that modern medicine is more reactive than proactive. However, for now I'd prefer to stick to medicine which has been studied rigorously and scientifically to determine the nature and extent of its effects.  Take care not to underestimate the placebo effect. Too often, people make the mistake of countering \"it's a placebo\" with \"but it stops the pain every time!\"
Number stations and XPA polytone stations are cyb  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToC2QjoFluI   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HObtNRQgbY 
he concatenated /dev/random to netcat  what a dick
those sounds are so fuarrrking creepy. I want to learn how to use number stations. that would be a cool DIY project for the week on lainchan.  i remember they use it in Electric City  which is a pretty cyb show  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbRGs7i_j4k 
It is possible to listen in on shortwave radio (online shortwave radio).   http://websdr.ewi.utwente.nl:8901/   Can be quite fun once you find some interesting noises. I spent some hours listening to some sort of Islamic, probably Iranian music once.
Does anyone here know about The Conet Project ~ Recordings of Shortwave Numbers Stations release ? I listen to it sometimes instead of music while working on stuff. You can find the FLACs on rutracker.If you have problems registering I'll download for you and post a link.
seriously, lainon?  literally the first reply to this thread    7952   i wont be too mean because you did offer to share it but.. come on .  I listened to the first one on the archive page and the voice gave me an eerie feeling. seems like some great samples to be used for an instrumental.
http://www.pclob.gov/library/Recommendations_Assessment-FactSheet.pdf 
Interesting, but it's basically impossible for your average person to tell if they actually implement any of these. How are we supposed to tell if the NSA is cutting down on their bulk telephone recording? We don't even have any concrete evidence or stats on it in the first place.
Why doesnt /cyber/ and /cyb/ merge? It seems silly that we dont all go to the same board when we discuss the same things.
you know we're not actually freetards, right?
I browse both /cyber/ and /cyb/ on a daily basis and honestly the boards are very similar. There's a lot of similar content posted, and on multiple occasions I've seen the exact same threads on /cyber/ as here. I don't see how lainchan is \"freetard\ especially when compared to /cyber/; both boards are fond of Linux and BSD because Windows and OS X are NSA backdoors. Politically, both boards are similar: cyberpunk as a genre is critical of capitalism run amok, and at the same time, weary of an oppresive omnipresent government, making most posters here and on /cyber/ some form of libertarian left in my perception. There is not a strong /pol/ presence on /cyber/.  That being said, there isn't an effective way for the boards to \"merge\". They exist on two different sites so you can't just click a button and have one board. Also, /cyber/ is on the top bar on 8chan, and /cyb/ is lainchan's most popular board. Meaning, you wouldn't be moving a fringe community, you'd be asking a fairly large amount of people to get up and move to a different site. If us lainons wouldn't be comfortable with posting on 8chan suddenly (for those of us who do not visit both sites), you can be sure there are 8chan anons who would not want to start posting on lainchan.",
Just poked my pretty little head in /cyber/.  Seems ok, but there's a lot of kiddies posting soykafthatdidnthappen.txt tier soykaf.
For what reasons should this occur? What benefit would be had were this to occur?
Moved to     /q/3599 .
http://www.newscientist.com/article/mg22329863.700-ethical-trap-robot-paralysed-by-choice-of-who-to-save.html  n an experiment, Winfield and his colleagues programmed a robot to prevent other automatons – acting as proxies for humans – from falling into a hole. This is a simplified version of Isaac Asimov's fictional First Law of Robotics – a robot must not allow a human being to come to harm.  At first, the robot was successful in its task. As a human proxy moved towards the hole, the robot rushed in to push it out of the path of danger. But when the team added a second human proxy rolling toward the hole at the same time, the robot was forced to choose. Sometimes, it managed to save one human while letting the other perish; a few times it even managed to save both. But in 14 out of 33 trials, the robot wasted so much time fretting over its decision that both humans fell into the hole. The work was presented on 2 September at the Towards Autonomous Robotic Systems meeting in Birmingham, UK.
that's pretty interesting.    3784  Yeah, and these robots aren't programmed to treat one human as objectively superior to another, so they wind up stalling instead of saving anyone half the time, while successfully saving both people occasionally. Maybe there could be a system to judge which one was in more danger (thus giving the robot more time to save someone else), but if two people were in equal amounts of danger, it would take too long contemplating who to save. It's an interesting moral conundrum, especially when you consider the philosophical foundations of the logic used in programming.
random number generator for decision kicks in when immediate decision could not be formed  For advanced robotics: recognize younger human in danger; save youngest human in danger.  In our dystopian world: check bank account: save highest number.
another dystopia: robots only try to save one person, their owner, don't care for anybody else.
Sounds like a bodyguard.
He realized he was putting himself in danger by trying to save the first guy, as he could accidentally fall to the hole when trying to save guy 1 and lose the chance to save the second guy, who was, in the same way, a threat to the safety of the first guy. So he let those self-destructing meatbags fall in there.     3867  I, Robot, will always love you.
Hi 3:  Is it possible to acces my phone's camera using js at sites like volafile? I don't feel like carrying some tape all day to cover it omg
You could get away with a Hello Kitty sticker instead of tape and nobody will notice.
This.  If you have an Android phone you could download XPrivacy to control what permissions apps get (it runs at root level so you need a rooted phone) and that will protect you from things like that. If you're worried your OS is backdoored as well, use a custom ROM, it's the best we've got for now (Try Paranoid Android, it's pretty good).  Besides that, there's not much you can do. If you own an iPhone then you're fucked, and that serves you right for buying an asstastic phone. If you were worried about privacy, you would've bought an Android.
If you have an Android you could just set up the permissions so that it can't access the camera.
I put a switch on my laptop's camera and microphone.  How exactly did you do this?
Got the wires, put a physical switch on them, and if I ever need them I turn the switch on and load the drivers.
Search engines seem to fundamentally infringe upon our privacy. Is there a solution?  I can imagine, hypothetically, the possibility of eliminating the need of a search engine as a \"middle-man\" - but could this realistically be done without endangering our ability to find new webpages and sites?  Alternatively could it be possible to create a \"private\" search engine that impartially catalogs the entirety of the internet and keeps your queries on your own, private machine by searching a private \"catalog\" and then redirecting you online, only after finding what you're looking for?
well, there are search engines that don't take logs or modify your results based on demographic information, such as startpage or ixquick. But that still depends on trusting the search engine not to spy on you. There's also decentralized search engines, where some of the index is stored on everyone's computer. Would any of those count?
What about google has session cookies? erasing unwanted cookies when the browser closes.
that still depends on trusting the search engine not to spy on you.   That's my real problem with search engines, I think. I have to \"trust\" them - and I don't believe I can do that.  I was unblissfully unaware of decentralized search engines however  A quick search and I've discovered YaCy which appears to be exactly the solution I'd begun imagining. I guess there's always someone to beat you to the punch, huh?  Open source, decentralized, completely free P2P web search  How has this not gotten more publicity?
I dunno, but I got nervous crawling some sites I normally go on. I'll probably start playing with it again though.
I've tried it once, it consumed so much resources I couldn't do anything meaningful why it was running. Maybe it became better since then.
What are some pretty cool cyb jobs past present or future
Mod pls  Official job? I thought the feedsite listeners in Transmetropolitan were pretty cool.  Being an unemployed rogue hacker master sounds better though.
but being a lainchan mod requires you to be a unemployed rouge hacker
Tech dealer sounds pretty /cyb/.
No, but will probably get around to it someday (hah, as if my backlog doesn't grow faster than I read.)
Mad impoverished inventor, like Tesla.
http://www.deepdotweb.com/2014/09/13/comcast-declares-war-tor/  When is the time to act? How should we? This is the last straw when it comes to comcast
look for where the most encrypted traffic is, and if that person is connecting to tor nodes. It gets harder to detect when more people are using tor or strong encryption on their own, of course.
Any examples? Haven't stayed ontop of clearnet developments.
paypal accepts it now ebay accepts it the British Museum just added Bitcoin to their coin room there is a movement for Amazon to accept it and quite a few other groups are taking it, among other things
http://corporate.comcast.com/comcast-voices/setting-the-record-straight-on-tor  The official word on it is that they're not doing anything about tor. Maybe they cracked down on this one guy maybe they didn't, but on the whole when a company makes a public statement like this, I think you can at least agree that they aren't 'declaring war' on tor.  I don't mean to defend comcast and yeah, more meshnets is always a good thing, but let's not be alarmist.
Of course there's no need to be alarmist, but we definitely should be activists. We currently have an infrastructure that's relatively free that we can use to support the construction of a meshnet. We don't know for sure whether the internet will remain free from government and corp control for much longer, so it's best to get working now.
Yahoo was going to be fined $250k daily if they didn't comply with PRISM.   http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2014/09/us-govt-threatened-yahoo-with-250k-daily-fine-if-it-didnt-use-prism/   http://www.wired.com/2014/09/feds-yahoo-fine-prism/ 
reminder to bury your gold and be ready when the stormtroopers come  http://prism-break.org/en/ 
Shouldn't these services move out of the U.S.A?
I believe AI is \\cyb\\ so I post this here What are your toughts/stance on AI? is hard AI possible? how so? else?  And what would be the repercussions? both ethically and functionally
that's called a weak AI. There's a very interesting debate over the differences between strong and weak AIs, and whether we should make the distinction at all. A question that follow is, how do we know how to respond in the first place?
is hard AI possible?   yes.   how so?  with science but like    3751  said, it's very difficult. the neuro guys are getting there though.  http://motherboard.vice.com/read/neuroscientists-have-a-new-algorithm-for-simplifying-the-brains-deep-complexity   i'm all for AI, but like many people i have my concerns about AI outsmarting the human race.
How would Asimovian AI be useful in a practical way? In real life you wouldn't use an incredibly intelligent machine that can outperform humans in almost everything to mine coal or bend metal bars. We can already automate tasks with algorithms, hard machines replace us in hard labour, big processors can do the heavy thinking, and remotely controlled machines fix rockets from the outside. Unless we wanted to make a machine that makes machines, then it wouln't be an overkill.  Also don't worry about singularity, those machines will be hard-killswitched.
nice, I'd love to see it. I'd help, but I don't know if I'm up to the job, I've always wanted to work on some kind of AI though.
We could get it to teach us how to cure cancer!   no, flesh bag. you are the cancer  And then humans get wiped out and Earth gets ruled by a race of robots     Unless we wanted to make a machine that makes machines, then it wouln't be an overkill.  This is where I become more interested in transhumanism.
Thinking about setting up a tor relay. has anyone done this?
There's chatter regarding what NSA can plausibly accomplish. The thinking is that tor has alot of older nodes that use antiquated software and less secure keys.   The thinking extends to the possibility of a private exploit existing. MOst likely this only extends to identification in a probabilistic model of users. What I would suggest is writing a tool or downloading one (I developed a private tool in python and sold it) that selects the most secure nodes/circuits.  What is a secure node? Ostensibly, using 4096 bit keys and nothing lower than 2048. Use geographically distinct circuits; optimally no node sharing the same country origin as any other.   And another thing, it is possible to create circuits of varying lengths. So why stick with the standard of 3 under Vidalia?
proxies  but actually, given x nodes of tor are insecure, how large should I make rhe circuit for it to be secure statistically?
There are diminishing returns. 3 is the optimal number, that's why it was chosen. Be careful when you try to improve systems, it's quite easy to decrease the security of the system even though your gut tells you it's more secure.  What if you're the only guy making tunnels 4 nodes long? Won't that fingerprint you pretty hard?
Whelp, it's a month past August. Did anything ever come out of that? I couldn't find the article.
the event got canceled due to rain, and the team disclosed their discoveries to tor project privately but they were really shifty about it. I don't know how much has been patched since then.
Solidarity ^.^
I recommend that you do some research regarding the early history of the United States and it's relation to it's banking institutions of the early days, how it evolved and exactly what acts and happenings there were that lead it to it's global domination.  Do you mean those (sarcastically) funny shit throughout the history of America, like the quarrels between early fathers of the republic and the bankers, which eventually ended up to the bankers winning it? Since, you seem to be quite knowledgeable regarding that, I would ask something regarding the Dodd-Frank: What do think about it? Does that provide a real direction toward stabilizing the finance or is it just the usual damage control?
The usual damage control.  I count on the actual crash to happen within this decade.  Have you personally prepared yet? I haven't, but probably should start now that you reminded me of it.
So basically, you want to move to America?
There are people here in America who unironically vote on people instead of on issues. That is, like, the definition of getting distracted.  In the end, we now live in a world of experts, and when you really get into the nitty gritty on any subject matter, you need a lot of knowledge on that topic to make educated decisions. Legislators are experts on legislating, but what do they do when they want to pass a law on alternative energy or net neutrality?  I get little comfort from the fact that literally all of our elected officials are about as ignorant on the complexities of their platforms as the average American. Sure, they can consult an expert, but some of the most damning failures of a given bill may not be explainable in two weeks or even two years to someone who is totally 100% lost when \"the firefox can't do a google\". Meanwhile, legislative jargon has reached a point of impenetrability that an expert in computer science can't simply sit down and read through a legislative document on computer science to see if its legit or not. A person reading the bill has to be an expert in the topic it seeks to describe AND the topic of bill-writing itself to form an educated opinion on it, let alone begin to refute or correct it. Sacrificing time on one sacrifices expertise on the other; how are you supposed to keep ahead?  Legislators have pretty much accepted this glaring deficiency in big government and just pass laws without giving a shit about the facts. At this point, we pass bills without doing the bare minimum: doing a test run to see how they would work in the real world. You sure as hell don't do something like that in medicine or technology. Beta runs are absolutely critical, but in America it is 100% standard to enact a bill that affects hundreds of millions of people without batting an eyelash at whether we can prove that it will work in practice or not.  That's what really frustrates me about legislation. The amount of pretension and arrogance that is involved with even beginning to pass a bill in this world is beyond staggering. The only reason I could think that people would want big government is for three reasons:  1. Standards (Protection) 2. Stopping bad people from doing bad things (Protection) 3. Welfare (Protection)  But solidarity provides protection, not statehood. You can have solidarity without statehood.
Would you be averse to partnering with an AI? Why or why not?
You mean a Roomba, and they are pretty cool.
I was thinking about the Roomba when I wrote that post actually. I don't have one, though and I prefer to have some sentience. Like maybe it can cuddle up to me sometimes and make purring noises in the form of soothing whirrs ;_;
That shits weird. No thanks.
You generated the feeling of disgust and agreement at the same time, in such a short post. Good job.
the point of about a purring cat roomba would be that it *doesn't* shit. i'm not sure if i'd buy one but i'd sure as fuck take one for free to experiment with it and maybe play with the firmaware if it's easy  lol firm-aware, i'm not going to correct this one 
https://www.battleforthenet.com/sept10th/    Cable companies want to slow down (and break!) your favorite sites, for profit. To fight back, let's cover the web with symbolic \"loading\" icons, to remind everyone what an Internet without net neutrality would look like, and drive record numbers of emails and calls to lawmakers.   What do you think? Maybe Lainchan could join in solidarity.
Hopefully Google will do something, would get peoples attention.
there are better things we can do than to pretend like we are helping by posting loading symbols everywhere. why not mail and call your congressman about it?
there's nothing saying we can't do that also it's just that getting more people to write letters is a better use of time than writing a good letter, and the loading sign is a good symbol of solidarity that can convince the masses
/cyb/, I'm curious, what started your love affair with the genre?   When I was younger, there was this show called Superhuman Samurai Syber Squad (Denkou Choujin Gridman in Japan) that was basically Ultraman with a few interesting twists to it
A game called Neocron, an MMOFPS set in a post apocalyptic cyberpunk world. There is nothing quite like that atmosphere.
I think watching Digimon as kid got me into the futuristic technology in an ordinary world theme.  Then Timesplitters' came and what I remember most from that series was the NeoTokyo level. The dark and depressing, yet beautiful atmosphere of that particular part of the game appealed a lot to me.  The music also played a big part in my love with cyberpunk.
Fuck yeah Neocron, never managed to play it because I didn't have a credit card back then but I still listen to its soundtrack to fall asleep many days of the year.
Sci-fi novels, and blade runner And, well, the fact that I realized that computers are not a magical blackbox but something you get to do what you want to.
Whe i was younger, someone posted the cyberpunk manifesto on a forum i frequented. At that time i was reading 1984 for the first time and i already watched Matrix. So you know, it was like a revelation, like taking the red pill. What is true and what is a lie?    For me, first came the philosophical sense, then the sci fi genre.     3539     3540     3541  Yes! That feeling of being disconnected from other people.
What do you guys think we'll see in the near future (2020s/2030s)? I personally don't see augmentations as becoming commonplace in society for at least another 20 years, except perhaps for minor medical ones. Increased surveillance is an obvious choice, but I do think we'll see much more media coverage of it than we have in the past.
Forget price or performance. A laptop that needs to be (semi-)portable isn't ever going to be as comfortable to type at as a desktop with a decent desk, chair, monitor and keyboard.  So long as typing exists, so will desktops.
You could use a laptop, tablet or even a phone as a desktop with an external keyboard, monitor, chair and everything. That's what Ubuntu Edge was supposed to do.
Actually typing in bed is really comfortable, on a laptop, when I first made the transition to a desktop I got RSI.
A laptop that needs to be (semi-)portable isn't ever going to be as comfortable to type at as a desktop with a decent desk, chair, monitor and keyboard.  this is the reason we have docks for laptops :)  really, the only reason why i still have a desktop rather than a docked laptop is the price, because the big downside about a desktop is that you have to manually transfer or sync your data somehow instead of just putting the thing in your pocket.
Actually typing in bed is really comfortable, on a laptop,   Oh I know, that's what I'm doing now. However, while it's good for chatting and building small scripts, I wouldn't want to type War And Peace like this.     3509     3553  I'll concede that docked hardware could potentially replace desktops, but I think it's somewhat telling that we've been trying and failing to pull it off for many years now.
/cyberpunk/ ,how do you deal with being depressed ? i just dont have the strength to even get up anymore
i don't, i play video games and read books until i feel better. sorry.
I'm sorry to hear it lainon :(    3287  could you please repost in     /r/ ?
meditate, exercise. Do something productive maybe. Talk to people   nobody to talk to  you can talk to us anon
From where may I ask does your depression stem? Is this a purely chemical thing or is it the result of the current state of your life?
I   1. find something I'm interested in 2. evaluate my proficiency in it 3. look at the people who are better than me in that thing 4. become a cynic 5. tell myself I'll be better than those faggots 6. self-study and do  You just need to find something to occupy your mind with. The only problem I have is getting distracted because when that happens I just end up being depressed again.
Cryptography thread  it's simple, create and break codes  i'll start with something simple,     RKBKR UTK IUSVRKZK   
Fgrabtencul jbexf thlf. Ernyyl!
LEVEL ONE COMPLETE
-  Hacking secret cyphers with python enough to get you started, and you probably don't even need to read the text, jsut the embedded code
im too stupid for the hard ones so im gonna post an annoying one. try out non-ascii string operations in your fave language if you dare    ⍼⎐⎍⍈⎊⎉⎚⎜⎍⎖⎌⎍⎚⍏⎛⍈⎛⎕⎑⎔⎍⍈⎟⎑⎌⎍⎖⎍⎌⍖⍈⍰⎑⎛⍈⎝⎏⎔⎑⎖⎍⎛⎛⍈⎟⎉⎛⍈⎜⎐⎍⍈⎛⎜⎝⎎⎎⍈⎗⎎⍈⎔⎍⎏⎍⎖⎌⍖⍈⍱⎖⍈⎉⎖⍈⎉⎏⎍⍈⎗⎎⍈⎉⎎⎎⎗⎚⎌⎉⎊⎔⎍⍈⎊⎍⎉⎝⎜⎡⍔⍈⎜⎐⎍⎚⎍⍈⎟⎉⎛⍈⎛⎗⎕⎍⎜⎐⎑⎖⎏⍈⎐⎍⎚⎉⎔⎌⎑⎋⍈⎉⎊⎗⎝⎜⍈⎐⎑⎛⍈⎔⎉⎋⎓⍈⎗⎎⍈⎑⎜⍖⍈⍼⎐⎍⍈⎉⎖⎜⎑⎙⎝⎍⍈⎉⎚⎕⍈⎟⎐⎑⎖⎍⎌⍈⎉⎛⍈⎐⎍⍈⎚⎍⎉⎋⎐⎍⎌⍈⎎⎗⎚⍈⎉⎖⎗⎜⎐⎍⎚⍈⎕⎝⎏⍖⍈⍱⎜⍈⎟⎉⎛⍈⎉⍈⍺⎝⎛⎛⎑⎉⎖⍈⎕⎑⎔⎑⎜⎉⎚⎡⍈⎘⎚⎗⎛⎜⎐⎍⎛⎑⎛⍔⍈⎉⍈⎛⎍⎞⎍⎖⍕⎎⎝⎖⎋⎜⎑⎗⎖⍈⎎⎗⎚⎋⎍⍕⎎⎍⎍⎌⎊⎉⎋⎓⍈⎕⎉⎖⎑⎘⎝⎔⎉⎜⎗⎚⍔⍈⎋⎉⎛⎍⎌⍈⎑⎖⍈⎏⎚⎝⎊⎊⎡⍈⎘⎑⎖⎓⍈⎘⎔⎉⎛⎜⎑⎋⍖⍈⍊⎁⎗⎝⍈⎉⎚⎍⍈⎜⎗⎗⍈⎕⎝⎋⎐⍈⎜⎐⎍⍈⎉⎚⎜⎑⎛⎜⎍⍔⍈⍰⎍⎚⎚⍈⍫⎉⎛⎍⍖⍊⍈⍺⎉⎜⎢⍈⎏⎚⎝⎖⎜⎍⎌⍣⍈⎜⎐⎍⍈⎛⎗⎝⎖⎌⍈⎛⎍⎚⎞⎍⎌⍈⎐⎑⎕⍈⎉⎛⍈⎔⎉⎝⎏⎐⎜⎍⎚⍖⍈⍰⎍⍈⎛⎋⎚⎉⎜⎋⎐⎍⎌⍈⎐⎑⎛⍈⎗⎞⎍⎚⎐⎉⎖⎏⍈⎗⎎⍈⎟⎐⎑⎜⎍⍕⎛⎐⎑⎚⎜⎍⎌⍈⎊⎍⎔⎔⎡⍈⎟⎑⎜⎐⍈⎜⎐⎍⍈⎘⎑⎖⎓⍈⎋⎔⎉⎟⍖⍈⍊⎁⎗⎝⍈⎉⎚⎍⍈⎜⎐⎍⍈⎉⎚⎜⎑⎛⎜⎍⍈⎗⎎⍈⎜⎐⎍⍈⎛⎔⎑⎏⎐⎜⎔⎡⍈⎎⎝⎖⎖⎡⍈⎌⎍⎉⎔⍖⍊⍊⍻⎝⎚⎍⍔⍊⍈⍫⎉⎛⎍⍈⎛⎉⎑⎌⍔⍈⎉⎖⎌⍈⎛⎑⎘⎘⎍⎌⍈⎐⎑⎛⍈⎊⎍⎍⎚⍖⍈⍊⍻⎗⎕⎍⎊⎗⎌⎡⍏⎛⍈⎏⎗⎜⎜⎉⍈⎊⎍⍈⎎⎝⎖⎖⎡⍈⎉⎚⎗⎝⎖⎌⍈⎐⎍⎚⎍⍖⍈⍻⎝⎚⎍⍈⎜⎐⎍⍈⎎⎝⎋⎓⍈⎑⎛⎖⍏⎜⍈⎡⎗⎝⍖⍊⍈  more neuromancer and its not even over nine thousand, höhöhö   - that was a hint by the way, just to make it even more obvious 
So NSA is spying on us and there's probably no more privacy, most of closed source softwares are botnets with backdoors and big companies are selling our data to make money.  Ok, now, there's something I don't understand. I know it won't sound nice, but  why should I care?  No, seriously, I'm not even trolling. I'm honestly and genuinely asking for a clear answer, since apparently /cyb/ act like it's something obvious.  How can all of this actually affect my life?  Why should I limit myself to use only open source operating systems/softwares (which are often pretty bad clones of good proprietary softwares, but with less functions)?   What will change in my life or even in the whole world if I use gimp or a pirated copy of Photoshop (except the fact PS nowadays is better)? In my europoor country nobody give a fuck about piracy, so even if they (also, who are exactly these \"they\"?) know I pirate everything, why should I care?  Also, I don't have national secrets to protect and in my pcs there's nothing that a giant security society would ever think to care about. In other worlds, I'm not really a criminal, and I have basically nothing to hide. Why should I care if some unspecified organization on the other side of the planet I will never know/meet is able to find out what kind of porn I like to watch?  I'm supposed to hide myself and my data like a terrorist, limiting myself into using a certain kind of software/os/cellphone in order to avoid an unspecified menace that can even not exist at all, and even if it really exist it won't affect in any way my actual life?   Honestly it seems pretty much like an obsessive religious-tier way to think to me, but I'm probably missing something. So?
OP is NSA
That game's cool, but you'd probably be better posting it to /rpg/ than reviving an old thread here.
Alright then, I'll just make a thread there.
people with OP's attitude are confident that in their lifetime, governments, politicians and corporations will never 'cross the border'. they will change the way they operate and do weird shit sometimes, but it's all going to be okay because if they do something fucked up the whole population will start to oppose and will eventually win and fend off the weird shit. however, people like OP don't realize that if the weird shit governments and corporations start doing will not affect the entire population, only a small group of people, they will have to do more radical things to protect themselves, for example outright breaking the weird new laws, and when this happens, they will have already given away any information that the government could have wanted. they will have good guesses on behavior, who they know, what places they like to go, and so on. since OP and the small circle of resistance will be only viewed as a problem, they will be eliminated silently, instead of stopping the weird new shit.  conclusion: if you feel that no government and corporation in your lifetime could ever come up with anything that you won't like or want, and that you will always go along and stay 'legal' whatever that will mean in decades, then you are free to keep yourself tracked and analyzed, whenever you take a shit or watch a video or go out to buy food. i'm not a /cyb/er or mad at all, but i would prefer not to trust future government people and businessmen i've never even heard about and who are probably still in primary school.
nice write up, might use in the future if you don't mind.
What are the most hella /cyb/ operating systems? Which ones are most alternative? Which are most utilitarian in correlation to /cyb/ culture?
Hasty fellow that I am, I've already jumped ship to xubuntu and am now in the process of stripping out its bloat. I decided I needed something just a tad more casual friendly, especially when I'm in a drugged state.  Thanks for the help, however. I've made note of slpkg for if/when I move to Slack again.
The way I dealt with this is to go with a source based distro, like gentoo or CRUX.  Personally I really like CRUX as it is quite minimal, and it can be expanded outwards as you like.  Bonus points to those guys for still keeping systemd out too.  The obvious question is \"isn't source based a huge waste of time since you have to compile everything?\"  The answer is sort of, but most stuff doesn't really take that long.  For me at any rate, I wind up building a lot of software not in the repos no matter what distro I'm using, so I like the ports system to keep things sane for adding my own software.  I can lose a little extra time for some stability and flexibility.
I can relate, the more tired I get the more I want to put my fist through my computer trying to maintain packages.  I still love slackware though, I'm never turning back.
Personally, I think it's a combination of those; the appearance and aesthetic of 80s/90s tech, but with the best (and therefore most recent) funcitonality.
Threefold perfection trips confirm. Wonder if the guy behind it would get along with James Larson. I imagine them working together as a software and hardware guy team, making custom computer systems.
What do you think about Diaspora (the social platform), /cyb/? Anyone here involved in something like that?
I wanted to support them and use it, because fuck Facebook, but I quickly found out that I hate this whole social network idea.
I've been thinking and telling people about it for a while, but I haven't actually used it. I feel like it'd be great for small organizations, such as businesses and schools.
The development is centralized. They depend on a group of trusted devs to audit the code proposals.  Anyway I don't know about a any projects with a decentralized/distributed development system.
Would it be hard to throw together a system that just uses OpenID and other such protocols to publish and filter RSS feeds without relying on a particular platform?
sounds like it'd be kind of clunky. Do you know anything similar?
