I've been thinking about getting into chemistry. But every time I think about it I ask myself, \"what are you even going to do?\" So, what are some cool things to do in diy chem to help inspire me?  Also chemistry thread.
Those supercritical fluid extraction machines are so expensive. Damn. Thanks for the suggestion anyway.
Chemtoolbox free program, has pictures of all chemical elements.  http://chemtoolbox.free.fr/uk/index.php   PubChem free download of SDF files about 70 million molecules.  ftp://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubchem/Compound/CURRENT-Full/SDF/ 
I have this feeling that anything you could buy to extract caffeine from coffee would cost more than buying 99% pure caffeine, without even factoring in the cost of coffee.  I know you want to diy, but sometimes there's really no purpose. DIY pure caffeine is no different that purchased pure caffeine.
A while ago I found a cookbook or website that described the various chemical reactions that occur during cooking, or recipe formation.   Anyone know what I'm talking about?
Rephrasing the obvious answer to make it not seem obvious   Thanks for not contributing!
I have yet not made my mask, but I will. Until then, I will post all info I compiled. The idea is to create a very easy and cheap paper mache mask over clay. The clay would be mold for your face figure(if you weren't sure with paper mache) and it would be moldable for any kind of custom mask shape.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cK9-6u6Tjx8 
I did that long ago, as a child. We used strips of thin fabric and plaster, put that on my face and let it dry.   Prepare your face with a skin cream and get ready for the itching! I'll post a picture of my mask, when I find it.
Does anyone have any experience making one of these? I could just buy a few yards of silver-fabric right? Any advice on how to do it right?
what an amazing idea for a no-budget startup for a kickstarter!
I tried using a large lays potato chip bag as a makeshift faraday cage. It worked well, no calls could reach the phone if it was dropped in the bottom and the rest of the bag wrapped around it.
So, I am guessing you could.. cut out two or three layers from a bag of chips, stitch them together, then cover with material of choice (duct-tape?)
Probably, though you could just do the same with tinfoil.
TIN FOIL SIR! tin foil 
I'll post a good resource for DIY and more:  http://www.preterhuman.net/    http://cdn.preterhuman.net/texts/terrorism_and_pyrotechnics/explosives/harmless_bombs/SmokeScreenFormulas.txt 
info not allowed?  very cyber!  Be nice if you kept them on topic or relevent tho eh?  Think gas, smoke, reactions in this thread - anything in that area   not linux kernel map?!
what    268  said. Resources that would be useful to anyone working on the /cyb/ sticky.
OP here.. All lainchan related diy, info,   resourceful contributions welcome..
Is that a ASCII SPICE program? Not judging but there are pretty good free graphical programs for that.  Or did you draw that by hand?
Frickin wicked, does anyone have any more simple things like this?  I'm in EE and have access to most of this stuff, I could go for more fun mini projects.  In the meantime I'll look around and post if I find anything worthwhile.
Free energy. Let's discuss ways to charge batteries using alternative sources of energy.  My issue: How can we use solar energy without buying an expensive solar cell?
Solar     338    Sun setup would be to have mirrors reflecting and focuasing onto a tube of hot pressurized water running the length of several of these missors to gain the heat  Actually, heating the water directly is more trouble than it's worth, due to the pressure and low specific heat capacity. You're better off heating up a transfer liquid like oil (or molten salt), and then passing that through a boiler to make steam.     369  Sounds like nonsense to me.
Tidal power looks pretty cool.  Or geothermal, through volcanoes or really deep holes.
vid related.
Or geothermal, through volcanoes or really deep holes.   This is actually already used in greenland/iceland (i forgot which one it was, please do not judge). The use this geothermal energie all year long, pretty convenient i think.
Also, hot water everywhere. Iceland.
Hello lains. I really liked the idea of the Weekly Project and started to think about the possibilities.  The people on the IRC agree that we probably have lots of capable people here (specially with technology) and that it would be nice to have a small poll (or something like that) so we can gather some information about peoples capabilities and desires in order to be able to better organize common projects. So, some questions:  1) Do you think this is interesting? 2) Do you know a practical way of gathering this information?  It could maybe result in some nice art projects, information websites, a lain-community github account, a lain wiki, etc !
we have to register for that =\\     411  suggest a specific topic here so lainons can talk about it without having to register to the suggestionbox bs.
The registration does nothing, it does not even send you a mail. Put Bill Gates mail there and call it a day, it a little more organized that way. When we have a good idea of the overall situation threads will be indeed the best method.
Or, if somebody find some other place that is better than this one, or want to make one that is perfectly adapted for the proposition of ideas and skills 
+1 for cyb propaganda
\"Application Offline for Maintenance\" \"This application is undergoing maintenance right now. Please check back later.\"  It has been like this for a few days. ;_;
I'm making a coilgun. what are your thoughts? (first time creating something electronic) any tips?
so, i opened some spare cd-drives and disassembled them. i think i'll use the cases for the trigger and some attachments. the thing in the middel is the first coil, i will use it to get the projectile moving (i still need a big coil though). I will use the two things on the top for adjusting of the coils, so that i can use different projectile sizes. And on the far right are some spare parts.  some more ideas?
Wrap it using an electric motor since you are already dissembling things.
I always think DIY weapons are so cool.   Poetic even; the advantage of the human is obviously the brain, and with DIY weaponry the individual man is using his brain to a very high capacity in order to make tools for domination.  I dunno it's just something I think about and can't even articulate right,
I just finished my weapon. Well, i couldn't make a coilgun, but i was abled to make a taser. I will link to the video of me using it when it finished uploading
here it is:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTkId7JnBgs 
How hard would it be to build a remote controlled drone with a firearm, with a decent aim?
i think you want multiple. soykaf's cyb as fuarrrk
They seems very vulnerable to punt-shooting.
Wow. They spent a lot of money on those effects and they still can't make it look real. I like how he's supposed to be controlling it to do multiple movements at once without even moving his fingers on his tablet thing 
It's not that hard. You can buy off the shelf quadrocopter and mount a gun on it, with hobbyservo-actuated trigger. Recoil and gun weight could be the hardest problems, but with large enough quadrocopter it could work. You could build it for  1000$ from chinese parts.  Precise aiming is a more complex problem, you will have to either make your quad very stable (don't think you'll stabilize it better than ~1 degree amplitude) or mount a gun on servo-controlled gimbals with mems gyroscope and PID controller.
haha.. well, who cares, it's possible right enough.     387  yed
Currently turning an old cigar box into a MP3 player dock. Pic sort of related (at work don't have pics of progress)  Any other Lains into any DIY audio right now?
http://www.surfacezero.com/g503/data/500/medium/100_11341.jpg  Not exactly the same but I have an ammocan stereo one of my friends built in college.  The pic is not the exact one I have but it is similar.
Indeed anon, indeed.   What you are looking at here is a 5ft 10inch tall transmission line subwoofer.  12\" cone with 500W RMS amp.  Tuning centre frequency is 21Hz with a width of about 12Hz to 40Hz (the sub amp fades off below 10Hz).  The output of the CONSTANTLY TAPERED transmission line has the same area as the cone, giving 0 port/air noise and extreamly fast responce.   The cab is made from 25mm thick MDF with many bracees and 3 carbon steel renforcing rods to keep things nice and stiff!  Have not got any specks (spl etc) of output yet as need to find right kit (any pointers welcome, $/£100 very good/flat responce for sub microphone).  Having said that - It rocks well rumbles  this thing is ultra subsonic moving to infra sonic. Nothing I have heard before is as effortless with the sound output and depth (blows away a £1400 Intinity Kappa, makes it sound like a cheap Altec sub in comparison!) - it just starts to sing as things get seriously low, realy realy low, you think you like music with sub, well I doubt it will be deep enough (like only a few of DatsiK gets down low enough to rock this thing!)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2GOwOwFvX4 spfreload=10  to feel the AWSOME with this sub   Best contender for real deep bass are probably PANDA DUB who are awsome and you should check out anyway! (the real bass don't start till 3min)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YBGA6jQLHE spfreload=10  Well once you have the right track this is a loud sub - not much more than say the aforementioned Kappa, but the quality and depth is outstandin - can make 14Hz nicly audible - true 14Hz is quiet even with this massive volume as right on edge of hearing, but every room gently shakes at 14Hz - all doors rattle, cubards, shelves, your clothes, but the sound is not very loud! - you feel the pressure wave through the house - its like being under water, slight pressure but as I said not loud sound! True BASS! By 35Hz things are getting nicly audible and the bass is loud, fading out again past 40Hz to near nothing by 100Hz. It is so awsomely low it could be a sub for most subs! you need to pair it with speakers that have good bass responce to make the crossover work.  You might think this is so low music wont be worth it - you wrong - some things very little, but most benifit in some way and its the transparency of the bass - its not over done on normal tracks it just gives that ooooffff to the bass drums and bottom of the lowest parts - does it so fast that it totaly feels as though the sound is comming out of the little B W speakers I have to go with it!
Will be upgrading it to 15\" 1500W soon  (pic related)!
Any progress pics?  Pro tip: Fill the case with soft wadding (like duvet material) - only pack very lightly, do not compress it up!  Keep looking for better cone to use. 95% of sound quality is the speaker!
Hi /diy/! In the sticky it is said that cooking is a /diy/ subject, so I thought I would share with you some pictures of when I cooked a delicacy, a geoduck clam.  This picture shows the geoduck sitting on my cutting board.
does anyone have a guide for regular food like spaghetti?
No, but I can write you a list. Now, the question is, do you want to make it simple, where you already start with spaghetti sauce and spice it up a bit, or do you want to make the sauce from scratch?  I am glad you asked about spaghetti specifically, because I am decent at making it, and my dad is amazing at it! Best damn sauce ever.
premade sauce please.
So glitterboy, cook some celery, carrots, and onions in a pan, and make sure that they are soft. Then cook some meat. Hamburger is pretty good. Make sure it is in small pieces. Toss that soykaf in a pan with some spaghetti sauce that’s premade. Now, toss in some basil leaves (buy ‘em whole and dry), some oregano, and some thyme. I don’t know exact amounts, sorry. But that is the general idea. Then serve it on some spaghetti or maybe angel's hair.  Do you like Parmesan on your spaghetti? I do, but for the past year or two I haven't been putting it on, because my moth- I have been buying Pecorino Romano at Costco, and grating it and putting it on. It is similarish to Parmesan ( http://www.differencebetween.com/difference-between-pecorino-and-vs-parmesan/ ), but cheaper and still good. :D Best of luck to you, m80!
I'm lazy with pasta. I boil it in salted and vinegared water, drain, then add tomato puree from a carton and kidney beans from a can. I usually use short fusilli over spaghetti.
Hi /diy/!  My friend wants me to help him with a project of his. What he wants to do is program several PCBs with on click. All of these PCBs will be identical and run the same code.  I thought about something like pic related. I would multiplex an AVR programmers output and program these boards one at a time. Multiplexing would be controlled by some MCU. PC would rune some (python) script that would repeatedly call avrdude and tell the multiplexing circuit which board to turn on.  Is this doable? How bad this solution is? Is there any better solution? I think JTAG could be used somehow, but i have never used it for anything.
Since you have only 24 of PCBs to program I would say JTAG solution would be simpler. Just lay the PCBs one next another, going over connecting them to avrdude and then simply opening a programmer going over them all. If you aint got avrdude you could probably make your own serial programmer. Since its only 24 I don't guess you need to fuarrrk around with multiplexer and MCUs. Even in industries they program one at the time, but you could do it nonetheless 
there are 24 PCBs on one sheet put there are probably 100s of these sheets. He wants to make it so, that the monkey, who will program these, would only need to insert the sheet into bracket and press start. Right now they are programming these boards manually, one by one, connecting and disconnecting the programming cable, like you suggested.  I have read about JATG being used to program single mcu, or to debug several controllers connected in daisy chain configuration, but is it possible to also program several mcu that are daisy chained together like that?
Since you guys seem to have the resources, you should design a circuit that just taps one set of JTAG pins. In this way you can run the programmer once and the signals will be mirrored to all of the other JTAG outputs you make. What form factor you pick is up to you, but that's all you'd do. If you use a bunch of op amps you can avoid loading the lines that you're tapping. From there it's just more about how you want to construct the connectors and cables that'll hook to all the boards.
Welcome to the wonderful new /diy/. Feel free to discuss your electronics or other diy projects here.   -swap ideas -ask for advice -show off -blow up your house
sure yes
Maybe this site should be in sticky? I mean, it's DIY heaven.   http://instructables.com/ 
Hi guys! I am the new mod of /diy/. If you have any questions or concerns please come onto #lainchan on freenode. Or just PM me on freenode.  Anyways, I want to spruce up our sticky. I notice that over time some of you have given suggestions of what you want to be in the sticky, and I like that.  I will be making a new sticky in a week. In the meantime, if you could all give me ideas and suggestions in this thread of what you think should be in the new sticky it would be great. After the week is over, I will unsticky this thread after I make and sticky the new main sticky. However, this thread will still be open for suggestions.  I am eagerly looking forward to making /diy/ a fun and active place for all of us here on Lainchan.
Welcome new mod :)  Other than instructables, I have always found this youtube channel to be quite cool, but I don't know if it's relevant enough for sticky:   https://www.youtube.com/user/makemagazine 
Those look like some cool videos. Thanks lainon!
Anyone here make their own markers? This one is an old montana 15mm. My ink mixture is pretty simple and seems effective. You cant see it, but it comes out to bee a deep thick purple on most surfaces and stains really well.  -300 cheap ink pens -a few caps of brake fluid -a few caps of hydrochloric acid -about 1:5 ratio of ink to rubbing alcohol
hmm, i see, interesting.
you write graff?
idk, do you? :)
I am intrigued. Do you have to order the marker blank yourself, or could you go a different route? I am interested in looking into this.
there are places locally you can get these markers, any smaller art store will order them for you. or you can just get a fatty sharpie and cut the end off. look at bombingscience.com or 12oz prophet. both forums are pretty dead these days but there is a lot of good info. also artcrimes.org
I had to fix my glasses for a test today. Got a 98%
Smart thinking with the pen!   What was the test on? And, congratulations for the good score!
Nice kludge.
Another glasses fix hack    if hinge bolt/screw falls out, replace with thin gauge wire for good temp fix! 
Mine has broken few day ago, and I used a toothpick tbh  It is alright
Most optic stores will replace screws and rubber pads in a moment, for free, YFYI. The pads also tend to be way better than those that come with the glasses (softer more ergonomic)
Any recommendations for learning electronics? I'm just starting on my journey and ordered Grob: Basic Electronics and Electronic Principles by Malvino. Any other tips or suggestions? allaboutcircuits.com seems cool as well.
https://mega.co.nz/#!I1RizSCb!dY842wexVpYx04BfpH8mif8yVOHe4zDLtWqjjHgVzwQ  Manga_Guide.txz 223.2 MB  63M The Manga Guide to Electricity.pdf 15M The Manga Guide to Molecular Biology.pdf 50M The Manga Guide to Physics.pdf 47M The Manga Guide to Relativity.pdf 90M The Manga Guide to Statistics.pdf
For what this is worth as I am only starting too learn about Electronics and Electricity as well.   1. Surprisingly enough you can learn a great deal about physics on Youtube. Just search for the topic that you are interested in learning about into Youtube  2. Look for books in your local library, If you prefer hard copies to  electronic versions
Maybe this would be helpful:  https://6002x.mitx.mit.edu/ 
ordered  That's a strange word for downloaded.
I'm looking to get into circuit bending for music. Has anyone got experience in this?
Like in guitars?
Not him. But no. It's fuarrrking with the circuitry of synths and soykaf to make it produce sounds it wasn't designed for. People circuit bend all sort of soykaf. Including toy pianos. Funny the sounds you can get out of them.
You could start out bending a Roland TR-505. There's a lot of documented modifications out there for it and the drum machine itself is cheap and available on eBay. Another thing you can try is modding an Alesis HR-16/HR-16B. Then of course you can also do a Speak   Spell. However, if you really want to get serious get into electronics to make you bends more serious instead of just poking around hoping they'll work. Don't forget about small Casios either.
Related - maybe kinda? Cool - Absolutly!   http://www.jahtari.org/gear/SID.htm 
DIY rage?  I just spent the morning (it's only 11am in The United Bongdom) butchering a case to fit some HDD cages into and despite cutting away as much metal as I could, the bays didn't fit (didn't line up with the screw holes) and also scratched said bays to soykaf, so there's no returning them.  Just going to buy a fuarrrking rack.
hahaha  a colleague of mine recently told me how he bought 2 cases of some type and will now attempt to somehow magically build one bigger case out of them so he can fit his HDDs in, but i'll be surprised if that actually works out.  the world needs plus-sized cases for people who like building raids and stuff
Buying a microcontroller from ebay at \"good\" pricing. I'd rather pay a premium than having a slug that can't be set to use a crystal.
Lead free
So a lainfag in the irc suggested I make a thread in this slowest of slow boards about making your favorite sour cabbage treat, Sauerkraut.  A crunchy topping for burgers and hotdogs, a late addition to your favorite casserole or crock-pot dish, or eaten in big crunchy lumps with your morning eggs bacon it makes a great addition to your meals. Can't be bothered cooking veg tonight, saurkaut is the friend of every lonely bachelor out there for some cheap and glorious micro-nutrition.  In addition to being delicious it is also fuarrrking good for you. Here is a standard nutritional profile from bog standard canned sauerkraut you can find in the store:   \"This food is low in Saturated Fat, and very low in Cholesterol. It is also a good source of Calcium and Magnesium, and a very good source of Dietary Fiber, Vitamin C, Vitamin K, Vitamin B6, Folate, Iron, Potassium, Copper and Manganese.\"  source:  http://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/vegetables-and-vegetable-products/2614/2   fuarrrk yes! But in making yourself it has another fuarrrking benefit!  Lactobacillus - fuarrrking - acidophilus! This soykaf will give yer gut a helping hand like those overpriced \"bio-active\" yogurt/drinks. in addition THIS soykaf HAS PREVENTED SCURVY IN SHIP CREWS EXPLORING THE EDGE OF THE KNOWN fuarrrkING WORLD! IT GAVE VITAL NUTRITION TO HARDY RUSSIAN PEASANTS IN THE LONG, ICY RUSSIAN WINTER! YOU WILL BE MORE OF A MAN WITH SAUERKRAUT! *ahem* And ladies it is very wholesome and nutritious so make sure to pay attention to the list of easy to follow instructions in the following posts.
Preparations 1) Chop the head of cabbage finely. What we want are long lengthwise cuts so you have nice long strands of cabbage.  2) After chopping your cabbage you will need an item I forgot to add. A fuarrrking big mixing bowl.   3) place the cabbage in the mixing bowl.  4) Measure out your salt (1 tablespoon per head of cabbage is a good estimate, look up others if you ain't happy with that)  5) put the salt in with the cabbage in small doses. After each does mix the cabbage gently with your hands. Keep doing this until you have used up all your measured salt.  6) Keep mixing it until you are happy.  7) leave it for an hour or so and let the liquid drain out of the cabbage (overnight if you wish the time may vary from cabbage to cabbage)  8) After following the above pour some of the liquid which has collected in the bowl into your container. Then start stuffing the cabbage into it as tightly as possible a little bit at a time using your fist or rolling pin to press it down. (we do this to avoid air bubbles which can fuarrrk up  the fermentation.)  9) after stuffing it all into the jar make sure the cabbage is bellow the water line. (if not top it up with brine (water and salt of 1.5 teaspoon per quart) You can also use one of your disgarded cabbage leaves and/or a shot glass to weight the cabbage down under the water line. we do this to prevent the cabbage from rotting.  10) Seal that container and label it with today's date and leave it on the counter. Keep checking on it to make sure nothing is gone wrong. Three days can be good enough but you can leave it for up to a month. To stop it from becoming too sour you can place it in the fridge after it tastes okay to you.   Note: A scum may develop on the top surface but this can be just skimmed off (do not worry about it, it is all part of the process)
Enjoy your Saurkaraut!
Looks fuarrrking delicious! I will have to try it one of these days!     258    A scum may develop on the top surface   As it occasionally does in society, too.
As a Kraut I can highly recommend this soykaf, especially in winter. You may get some flatulence from it, but that's part of the package.  My family occasionally made Sauerkraut and I can approve the recipe in this thread.
This is just the basic recipe. You can put in other veg with the cabbage such as shredded carrots, ginger or beetroot. You can also spice it up with juniper, herbs and whatever takes your fancy really.  In my own experiments I have ended up using too much salt because the cabbage was not wilting and shedding liquid. I looked it up and that can happen if the cabbage is old or it was grown in a relevantly dry year. For that situation you will have to resort to using a brine.
homemade graphene supercapacitor thread? home made graphene supercapacitor thread   http://www.graphene-battery.net/graphene.htm   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo_1Y_yJZ-o   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7E5NSFJIYU   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uujf5tpkm8M   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oEFwyoWKXo   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-AF7_Blj_k index=1 list=UUTI8sPeiUELwBOKIT2ikArw   A lot of different perspectives
Is it possible for any random person to make it and use it?  There are links in original post dude. Written tuts, and videos explaining how to make shit.   It seems simple enough, but nobody seems to be doing it,  because people don't follow links and don't read, that's why. People just know what they hear on TV and from other people, most of the times .
I didn't know that they were this far yet, I wonder if all these methods are patented yet hindering mass production.  This will certainly change things, imagine if every small town had a person who could make these, add solar panels, and why do we need big corporations? certainly democracizes the future.
Well this is one of the first things I'll want to work on when I actually get somewhere to work on tings on my own.     119  I know at least some of them do, but not what exactly prevents mass production.
Can I expand to Graphine making?  Liquid suspension  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9LePQUV6gc spfreload=10   Making Sheets  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXAnvuqeWVc spfreload=10 
People just know what they hear on TV and from other people, most of the times….   The lazy, these things can be a scurge on knowledge!
anyone into lock picking? i just did my first lock.
!bangs encrypt your search through a proxy.
what kind of locks do you guys normally practice on?    147  oh, that makes more sense well not the encrypted part, but the proxy does I just use startpage for that tho
When you !g search something on DDG, it sends you through to encrypted.google.com. You can read more here:  https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2011/10/google-encrypts-more-searches   I'm not sure if other !bangs do the same though (such as Amazon and the like).
yeah but google's still tracking my soykaf when I use secure at least if it weren't a proxy
Got to leave this here:  Very comprehecive, of course DEFCON!
hey /diy/, how would you go about making clothing that enables camouflage from thermal imaging?
Attaching space blankets to the inside seems to be the easiest option.
I learned to crawl really slowly, and that was enough to fool most cameras.
Disruptive Clothing  All sorts of nice ideas for clothing!
shows different ideas for making thermal protection - shows how diffrent materiels work in thermal.  (skip to 1 min)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PLo5iCEcX4 spfreload=10   See quality of military IR camera.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4t4biiCN1Q spfreload=10   About the drones and thermal imaging capabilities (skip to 2:10)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-4BN5LttYQ spfreload=10   Would not let me embed?
N.B. If you like this follow the link to the youtube playlist - lots more stuff from her!
Has anyone here visited Shenzhen? The electronics culture there is strong, since all the factories are there and it's so easy to get parts.   Pic related; it's some guy who manufactures electronics in his own home.  http://www.hoektronics.com/2013/01/05/meet-a-shenzhen-maker-mr-chen/ 
i mean, just order everything from china and you'll be fine. pic related, who doesn't love \"gifts\"? :-)
Hah, that's a neat trick. What sites do you order from?
uhm hold on i have to ask my colleague when i next see him, that thing's just a  http://vocore.io/store/index  (im not a big electronics guy myself)
I ordered one of those little USB TTL adapters and they sent me a few arduino clones instead. Based chinaman.
Links!  Here's the Shenzhen Map for Makers, pointing out important places in the city for hardware hobbyists:  https://www.seeedstudio.com/blog/2013/09/03/shenzhen-map-for-makers/  (tl;dr take me to the actual map:  http://www.seeedstudio.com/document/pdf/Shenzhen%20Map%20for%20Makers.pdf )  HAXLR8R is a startup incubator with a particular focus on hardware based in Shenzhen:    http://www.haxlr8r.com/ 
Hi /diy/! anyone into origami? any good links with models?
not too crazy about origami, but i made this penguin a couple years ago by following this diagram  http://www.geocities.jp/rivervillagekyo/page327.html .  some links i found interesting from the super complex origami general thread on 2ch: English:  http://www.fishgoth.com/origami/diagrams.html   http://hugo.pereira.free.fr/index.php?page=origami_diagrams   http://ori500.free.fr/dia-e.htm  (few awesome ones in this one)  http://www.geocities.jp/raqu_c/origami/index.htm  (kaiju. Godzilla, Mothra, King Kong, etc.)  Japanese:  http://www.inaka.com/mori/50/o2.shtml  (a few of these have a second page of instructions by clicking on a button after the last step on the 1st page)  http://www.geocities.jp/jjorigami/orizu.html  (cool Dragon Quest ones in the 2nd section)
http://www.pokemonpapercraft.net/2011/02/wobbuffet.html   fun and cool
Is lainchan accessible as a .onion domain?
what would be the point?
Not that I know of, it would be pretty easy to setup though, just have a nginx proxy pointed at it and point the onion at that. You would have to ban posting from that IP though, or at least posting images.
this thread should be on /q/
Moved to     /q/2889 .
I want a laser thread   It would be nice to learn electronics because it's an applicable neat skill that lets you do cool soykaf. Can I read any kind of book for knowledge on electronics so I can better understand all the laser forums and other guides? I wanna know what I'm doing.
Fiiiiine   My autism fires up easily
An advice; be weary of lasers from unknown or Chinese sources; They usually don't follow safety standards.
I've been thinking of DIYing two laser pointers, a small general purpose one and a more powerful one for breaking my electronic devices.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwgjYxr5zP8   http://xtrem-experiments.com/en/lasers/laser-lighters-for-sale.html 
Soooooo you're recommending them? Because all I got from that was cheep chinese laser = unregulated overpowered fun.
More like blinding yourself with hazardous amounts of infrared without even knowing.
Is anyone else here a vegetarian? Vegetarian cooking   recipes.  This is not a very original veggie food, but I love lentil burgers (Like the one on the picture), and they are pretty easy to make. This recipe has a lot of ingredients, and it can be made much easier:  http://www.yummly.com/recipe/Olive-lentil-burgers-334853 
Ever tried vegetarian yakisoba? It's freaking amazing.
I've actually never had yakisoba before, or heard of it until now. I looked it up, and it looks good. I can imagine that vegetarian yakisoba would be equally delectable.  If you don't mind me asking, what are your reasons for being vegetarian?
I'm against both the suffering of animals because of industrialization and the actual killing of animals. The fact that it's actually more wasteful to make meat is not actually a reason for me, but it's certainly a reason of why it was easier for me to take the decision. As to why I'm against the killing of animals, I guess there's no real reason to it, and it might be on the level of some religious belief. Oh, and I also hate the taste of meat.
I'm a vegan. In a couple of weeks I will be much more of a sufficient cook (bought a couple of cookbooks, up until now I've mostly bought freezed, ready-to-cook faux meats). Now I will learn how to be a /healthy/ vegan (surpassing all RDIs correctly) - while saving money.  should I start a separate vegan-thread? There is a quite a difference between vegetarianism and veganism. The majority of vegetarian dishes needs altering.
Even though it's quite different, I don't think there's much need for another thread, so go ahead here.
i got a transistor, and i want it to activate at 100mA(milliamps) i have a supply voltage of 24v, what resisistors do i need in the cicuit to do that
Ohms law, dude Resistance=Voltage/Current so, R = 24 V/0.1 A = 240 Ohms If you don't have 240 Ohms, you can add 250 Ohm resistor which would get you 0.096 A(96 mA) or you could add two 500 Ohm resistors in parallel which would produce the same result.
same result  uwot
two parallel resistors of different values are calculated into one resistor of value R=((R1*R2)/(R1+R2)) where R1,R2 are values of those two parallel resistors If you take two same resistors and put them in parallel instead of putting both values in same equation you could just do R=(1/2 R1 or 1/2 R2) srysly bro, that's like basics of electrical engineering  http://www.sengpielaudio.com/calculator-paralresist.htm 
I'm thinking of creating a cluster computer out of my three raspberry PI's. Eventually my PC's too, if it works out well. Or parallell computing. Pros/cons for small/large systems?  Question: Is there any specific way to calculate it's speed? Do you simply add the speed of the computers together minus the programs actions?   Thank you.
so how did it werk
I have a question; how would you physically connect the CPUs to each other?
Network cables?
Why not run a small Erlang VM on each machine?
this sir is right, erlang was designed for that kind of thing
I have a chance to get a really clean manco dingo 6hp for $200. The ad says it runs but \"needs carb work\". I was thinking about lowering it with some racing slicks, and adding some negative camber for street driving.
Carb rebuild kits for small engines are cheap.  So are whole carbs for that matter.  Get it and annoy your neighbors.  If you go the rebuild route, take lots of pictures as you're tearing it down to assist in reassembly in case you get stuck.
I have a chance to get a really clean manco dingo 6hp for $200.   FUCK YES     it runs but \"needs carb work\".   No big deal. parts are cheap and you can do it in an afternoon.    I was thinking about lowering it with some racing slicks, and adding some negative camber for street driving.   This better be a joke
Post pictures of the carb rebuild in here, OP.  3
the deal fell through :(
these c19 cables are different because they have a different maximum capacity right? so would it be ok for me to cut the cable and solder a standard c14 cable to the other end? my computer uses a psu that was also used in much higher end models, that drew more power.
If you do it right, and depending of course on the wire gauge.  We have a bunch of C19 to C14 cables in our data center.
took apart my ps3 again to fix the bluetooth radio. turns out i did not connect the ribbon cable for the bt/wifi board the first time i opened it. anyone into ps3/console mods?
Help me do it, please.
http://ps3portal.net/ps3-4-65-jailbreak-cfw/  You could have googled.
PS3UPDAT.PUP.zip    .zip  Yeah, thanks for surveys.
http://www.ps3hax.net/showthread.php?t=56205    http://psx-scene.com/    http://store.brewology.com/ 
magnet:?xt=urn:btih:C56BB5DE21BEF2F5006DF2BAF9550D573BE31E6E dn=rogero+cex+cfw+4+55+v+1+00+multiman+04+55+0+full+ps3 tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.publicbt.com%3A80%2Fannounce tr=udp%3A%2F%2Fopen.demonii.com%3A1337
