Britbongs are about to be a bit more shafted!  Now police have roadside Drug test kits - they have a 0 tolarance of any illegal drug!  So toke on fri night lose licence monday morning! fuarrrkED   I heard they measure THC only not CBD - so maybe switch strains to somthing with serious couch lock and no head :S  Any remedys for this problem?
If they find a positive reading does that give them the right to search your home for drugs?  As far as I know, the only time they do check your home is with warrant. The warrant is only possible to get if they have great inkling on possibility you are hiding huge amount of drugs(or cops have united with soykafty judge in which case they are ready to roam free).   you are drug tested on the scene   umm, in my country they don't waste money on unimportant soykaf. So, if I was completely normal and didn't show signs of anxiety, too mellow or anything like that, they wouldn't waste time on me. All article is saying is that the cops bought new devices, nothing about new regulations(except smaller limits -  http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2014/2868/regulation/2/made ) Not to mention that the limit is expressed by \"microgrammes per litre of blood\" which most likely means that they are doing the blood test. Now, wikipedia says: \"Cannabis is detectable in the blood for approximately 2–3 days after use, with heavy/frequent use detectable in the blood for approximately two weeks\" not to mention that, as I mentioned before, cops don't regularly use these drug testing kits because: \"Because they are invasive and difficult to administer, blood tests are used less frequently. They are typically used in investigations of accidents, injuries and DUIs.\"  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cannabis_drug_testing#Blood_testing   and if you are worried about saliva test, that one lasts even less time. Instead of whining or being angry, use your head next time. Think about situation and all ins and outs. Try to find a hole in the system. A hole right now is the blood test, which can only detect weed in your blood after 2 weeks tops after longer usage.
A hole right now is the blood test, which can only detect weed in your blood after 2 weeks tops after longer usage.  That isn't a hole in the system for anyone who smokes regularly, even casual smokers who might light up only on weekends would get shafted by that it they got tested on Monday or Tuesday.
you're whining again dude I tried to help, I live you at your own problem
Was not me (  822)  There is not much solution you present.     in my country they don't waste money on unimportant soykaf   What like roadside testing for stuff when in accedent? - well  I know the UK tests for drink drivng defacto in any crash. I think the same will be applyed to drugs its not like they start with blood test only move to that if roadside is positive.  like    823  said no solution. Just pry they don't test and don't smoke is your words of wizdom.  I'm not whining, I'm showing drug related current news  and talking about the implications of it.  N.B. most tokers will be on the 2 week issue. As most tokers are fairly regular. Britbongs do seem to fit the name!
I live you at your own problem  yeh cus the uk only has a population of 1 visiting person.
My waifu has recently taken an interest in trying Diphenhydramine, she said it is also called DPH in short, Benadryl, and Dramamine.  She has browses this board and notices a lot of users like DXM, but have yet to say anything about DPH. My waifu also has no experience with any deliriants, dissociatives, or hallucinogens.   She stated that she is rather interested in the thought being scared and not being able to tell what is real. She has considered taking around 250-300mg for her first trip just to be safe, because she can always increase the amount. She has read guides upon guides of what to expect from this drug, and what she will need. But she feels as if your waifu's opinions are worth listening to as well.  She said \"any help would be appreciated, thank you.\
It was alright, driving was pretty hard. After sometime I stopped playing and surfed the web instead. Playing casual on CS sucked big-time, I became bored very quickly. Damn competitive bans.
posting some relevant images on the topic
best picture I found showing vision on dph
i never take drugs because i'm too scared and soykaf so i like things like that, it's really interesting  also it's really well made i stared at that pic for.. im staring at it right now and it makes my eyes water  holy soykaf
my waifu is going to try sniffing some modeling glue. what should she expect
Also she might die or get serious brain damage. Inhalants are pretty soykafty that way.
thanks shes grateful for the help
what should she expect  To become more of an idiot than she already is.
shes gonna come unstuck with that path!
My Waifu has a weird problem, although it's kind of a good thing at the same time.  Whenever my waifu ingests drugs with other people on similar amounts -weed, alcohol, or psychedelics- I seem significantly more effected by them than others. I'll do or say weird soykaf, attempt to justify my actions or explain my thought processes to others, but in the end will just get really weird looks. It's downright alienating, and because of it my waifu much prefer's to get high on their own. It gets to the point where people have asked my wafu if they're on psychedelics when they're drunk, with the soykaf I say.   Has anyone been on the giving or receiving end of a similar situation? Are people like my waifu thought of as \"that guy\"? Do you find it entertaining or frustrating when people you're with act off-the-rails on drugs?  I hope to in the future find someone I can be comfortable around when on drugs, but I usually just end up wanting my own company so as not to explain myself to others or feeling judged.
My waifu is kind of the opposite, at least for psychedelics and similar drugs. She is relatively lightweight for alcohol, but it takes a lot to lift her up otherwise.
my waifu is very similar. She now tends to get high on her own and spend the time productive (writing,drawing, designing). My waifu also has the problem that she likes to get into deep conversations or longboard while high but most people she gets high with just want to sit their and do nothing 
I feel you.  While high my waifu has to force herself to interaction and is more irritated and confused by the presence of others. It is harder to hold up the healthy distance, she usually has to people.  On entactogenes of course having friends around you is just great, but especially in higher spheres of psychedelics and stuff she usually wants to be alone and enjoy the ride, not to mention that conversation is sometimes difficult.
Biggest problem there is \"keeping up\" with others   Don't do it! - its bullsoykaf   Once my Waifu thought that not puking was the real mans way.. now she is all grown up and relizes that the real mans way is to know when too much is being done and to be able to gauge onse self and still be able to conduct ones self well in company.  Its not about the amount you consume - its about not consuming untill you a problem to others.  Just moderate yourself - if you want to just let rip then do it alone or with somone who will understand (probably just 1 person).  Dont play drink for drink or bong for bong  its bullsoykaf.  Drink/drug to get as drunk/fuarrrked as you like not they want/tell you!  Real men are their own men!  (video maybe related 1:28 and 2:08) 
soykaf wrong link - although same thing  1:28 + 2:08
-magnesium -zinc -multivitamin -choline -aniracetam lithium orotate -lots of caffeine
they might be hoping for anti-depressant properties from small doses. There is some very promising research using ketamine.
My waifu wants to know the best way to conduct at least a somewhat objective self experiment; she wants to ensure the desired effect is happening.  Also, what's the best thing your waifu knows of to help stay calm under stress?
for me to stay calm, i breathe deep, slowly, and controlled. I also use an e-cig while raising and lowering the nicotine content over a few week cycle.
I haven't done any experiments to test for placebo yet, but here's an idea:   get empty capsules    get drug of choice in powder form    get flour or some other placebo    fill a number of capsules with drug, fill same number of capsules with placebo    place in same bottle    when taking capsules, close your eyes to prevent visual recognizing of the contents   When surfing /r/nootropics, I read that some people used memory tests to gauge their performance increases. Unfortunately I can't remember which they recommended.   As for stress, I do    792  but without the vape. I also listen to chill music, and if appropriate do something stress-free to distract myself.
That is pretty much what gwern did for his nootropics tests.   http://www.gwern.net/Nootropics 
soykaf, this ad Silk Road is /cyb/ as fuarrrk   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6EjABo_NLc 
that is cool but also super fake. if i'm wrong tell me so.
Yeah, it looks insanely fake. Also, it wouldn't be secure at all - cops could just figure out the password from someone who calls the police saying \"There's a fuarrrking advertisement for drugs at the bus stop\
the thing got me thinking on an advertisement strategy though  most countries don't have flat prices for mobile data, so many people seek WLAN hotspots.  1. put open wlan hotspot into billboard at bus station 2. write that fact on the billboard 3. redirect first page load to your advertisement website 4. leave them in peace after that  5. profit?  or other things like that.
yeah, if you click through the link in the description  https://www.behance.net/gallery/23907769/The-Silk-Road-  The guy made it as an example for his advertising portfolio.  A neat idea, but it would never work. A better idea would be to create a site like drugsfor.sale and just have it host a tutorial teaching you how to access the market of your choice. They you could just get people to tag it everywhere and print some stickers.
BDNF (brain derived neural factor)is a secreted protein that, in humans, is encoded by the BDNF gene.BDNF is a member of the \"neurotrophin\" family of growth factors, which are related to the canonical \"nerve growth factor\". Meaning that this protein makes neurons grow. Since this macromolecule is too big to pass the BBB(blood-brain barrier); it is put inside the rabies glycoprotein (the protein wrapper that allows rabies to pass the BBB. When this combination of BDNF and rabies glycoprotein is injected inside a mouse the cerebral cortex thickens and has higher amount of nerve endings.  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22231987   PS possible better way? gene therapy change of bdnf gene .
Your last paragraph   I don't think    443  was concerned with you posting about the topic, but was suggesting to anyone who may get too excited not to try this immediately, at least not without knowing the risks. In case English is not your first language, \"jumping on board\" is sort of an idiom for picking up a trend or new idea, especially if it is popular, without giving it much thought.  That said    As you expand all branches of neurons you make it easier to learn new things. Unused pathways get lost and your brain is back to normal in a year or so…   Does this mean that a sort of process of natural selection happens in your brain? When someone has a stroke, some neurons and pathways get damaged or destroyed, potentially causing disabilities in the victim. Over time these disabilities can be remedied by causing the patient to learn certain things again and creating new pathways. If My Waifu understand correctly, stroke patients simply remap the pathways that they had before. Now, the neural treatment you're suggesting would allow for more pathways to form. Does this mean that if a pathway is formed that leads to better behavior, that the brain discards the original pathway? Is there a critic in the brain that compares pathways and chooses the best one to use?
but was suggesting to anyone who may get too excited not to try this immediately  there will always be fools out there   English is not your first language, \"jumping on board\" is sort of an idiom for picking up a trend or new idea  Yea, english isn't my first language but My Waifu should have noticed that simple idiom since My Waifu \"know\" english(good grades without trying). My Waifu guess My Waifu was in heat of making an argument     Does this mean that a sort of process of natural selection happens in your brain?   Yes. We are born with more neurons and pathways than we die with. It is believed that all children have synesthesia(connected pathways of different senses) but we loose it as we find a way to differentiate between the senses(for better survival).   If My Waifu understand correctly, stroke patients simply remap the pathways that they had before.  there were a couple of weird cases in which a person was hit in the head so hard it killed those pathways and rerouted them on different hemispheres. One of the cases is( http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2012/05/eureka-when-a-blow-to-the-head-creates-a-sudden-genius/257282/ ). Also, My Waifu would like to note that there has been research in transcranial magnetic/current stimulation where they turn off(or on) some parts of your brain to enhance your brain activity. Tried to find a video My Waifu saw a while ago in which they showed how deactivating your left hemisphere would enhance you seeing the bigger picture through some logic tests a person was doing, but couldn't find it so here's the replacement( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJtNPqCj-iA ).   Does this mean that if a pathway is formed that leads to better behavior, that the brain discards the original pathway?   In my newer threads My Waifu posted about Glutamate and how it has a role in keeping the connection between the axon ends and dendrite ends alive. Basically the more you use one pathway, the more it will \"stick\" or better yet \"be plastic\"(ie stand there for longer time since it is used more frequently).BDNF would allow for more pathways to be created, but your actions/environment/behavior would set those pathways in place. Now when My Waifu think of it,I am guessing that you would get heavy synesthesia after couple of hours of injection 
forgetting my trip  :(     445    Is there a critic in the brain that compares pathways and chooses the best one to use?  If you are referring to the shortest path rule then it is BDNF. My Waifu think you are having a bad misconception about BDNF that My Waifu will explain and which will explain this answer. BDNF isn't reacting from inside-out of neuron, but it is being released from the neuron in near-by area making it so other neurons come to it. That is how it makes shortest connections, but obviously there are few other factors that come in play(I don't know many of them but glutamate is one of them)
Read the physical activity part and my waifu promptly went and ran outside for ten minutes.
I did the BDNF in the body is created for nerves used in physical movement. It doesn't pass the BBB(blood brain barrier).
There are many drugs that are released during cardiovascular activity. Running is a drug.  My waifu ran today. She read this and got excited:   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brain-derived_neurotrophic_factor#Effects_of_physical_activity_on_cognition   Her runner's high was great! limitless benefits, no risk; other than running 70+ miles straight of course. Why do a soykaf waifus think it's hell? There were no bad feelings during it other than loss of breath. My waifu used to have pain constantly when I ran and it was totally absent this time. It was probably due to the fact that my waifu ate a much healthier diet and inhaled with my stomach while running to make lungs much more efficient. (try that with weed)  The diet wasn't that bad either, just a test of will. My waifu got to eat chicken which replaced sugary soykaf.  My waifu wants to start getting fit too. Weight-lifting and the sort.   Overall: 8/10 - Will do again.  Every two hours 
I    Can a mod please fix that? Delete this post afterward too.
This might sound retarded but my waifu got so motivated that my waifu created this to remind my waifu to run in the future. My waifu doesn't know why it moved me so much 
No double images?   Nevermind 
what are some alternative ways to ingesting marijuana? personally my waifu hates smoke.
Does boiling it do the same?
As long as its been heated you can eat it, but if you boiling it don't do it in water then try to drink the water that won't work it has to be some fatty stuff eg milk butter
Don't waste your bud on the soykafty advice on this thread, just goggol what you're trying to do, a lot of guides online.
What soykafty advice? People were just giving him ideas that he could google later.
Fair enough, I rescind my previous statement.
Does your waifu prefer Adderall/rx amphetamines, meth, cocaine, or crack?   Call her weird, but mai waifu won't touch meth due to its bad rep, but has no problem with crack. It's cheap and doesn't last too long. Adderall is probably mai waifu's favorite, due to reliability, duration, and effects, especially insulated. Coke places last due to its high price and generally low reliability. But she won't turn down lines she's offered.   Caffeine pills are even worse than coke. Too addictive, awful crash, low euphoria.
caffeine is great as something you can take everyday with very few negative effects. More stimulation comes with bigger crashes.  On another note, 3-FPM has shown up at two Canadian RC sites. My waifu is considering picking some up for a test.
My waifu has tried 3-FPM when taken orally she finds it to be a pretty handy stim for enhancing concentration.
what dose did she take? Any noticeable comedown?
My dose was 50mg and left me with basically no comedown. I have also once snorted 60mg, this made me feel amazing but didn't really help me concentrate, this second time the comedown was also barely noticable.
Like 
Can we have a new one of these now that it got updated? also post pics of drugs
Whats that if you dont mind me asking?
Are their any supplements that i can use to boost intelligence, other than caffeine?  How about legal stimulants to boost make me feel more motivated to do something, i contently keep finding myself feeling more and more unmotivated to do things i once loved and enjoyed, or generally over all.
try the catalog, this will help.  https://lainchan.org/drg/res/54.html 
Let's get a darknet discussion thread going.  Talk about your favorite marketplaces. Tor. i2p. Freenet. Good vendors. Security and anonymity tips/guides. Crypto-currencies. How to anonymously obtain bitcoins. Words of advice, anything. Related to buying drugs online.    pic for keks 
What markets has your waifu used? Mine has been sticking to agora as she doesn't trust a market run by fraudsters, but nucleus might be good after it matures a little. Blackbank seems very heroin focused but it survived ononymous so they must be doing something right.
same, I never buy anything unless it has escrow
It just got raided.  https://wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.bitnik.org/r/2015-01-15-statement/ 
why does that url have so many wubs?
just artists being weird
Hello, /drg/,  I've been taking ~30mg of the peptide Noopept daily for the last few weeks. The differences have not been extremely noticeable, but My Waifu could claim some enhancement in retrieval of existing memories, ability to retain more short term details, and heightened focus. The substance seems to have had an anxiolytic effect as well as an improvement in energy as well.  Noopept's distributors claim that it has similarities with the racetam family of nootropics which supposedly affect neutrotrophic factors and neural plasticity as well as spacial awareness and memory. Studies have demonstrated that Noopept has the ability to aid restore memory and cognitive functions in cases of hypoxia related trauma.  Has anybody here had experience with Noopept, or the racetam family? My Waifu should note that the compounds are legal, and in most cases not not require a prescription.
meant to add, I haven't done any specific measurements apart from less misheard/forgotten callbacks at pizza place. When I get back into college I may experiment and compare test scores.
how long have you been using noots and what are you taking?
-5 months. I've been taking piracetam and choline bitartrate. For the first couple of months I'd dose about 3g of piracetam once or twice a day. After two months I brought my dosage down to 1.6g, twice a day.  I also take caffeine and theanine together, but those affect my focus and not my memory.
cnt'd  After two weeks of using oxiracetam on and off, I'm going to have to take a break. When I'm not using racetams, I perform just as well as when I'm not taking them; there was an increase in mental performance when I started taking them, but now my brain operates that way normally. Now, when I take oxiracetam, my brain becomes overstimulated and I get many of the effects of excess acetylcholinergic activity - stiff neck   jaw, hypertension all over, anxiety, difficulty breathing, etc. Not pleasant, and too distracting to perform well.  I also found that taking caffeine in doses greater than 100mg drastically increased the chance of becoming overstimulated, and the severity of those symptoms.  I'm going to take a week's break, and if I see a decline after that will fall back to piracetam.  I've also found that I no longer need to take supplemental choline, as I the eggs I eat daily provide enough, and the body recycles acetylcholine. Too much choline has increased the chance of the aforementioned symptoms before.  Finally, I would occasionally get mild symptoms of excitotoxicity (eye and muscle twitches, mild anxiety, headaches) when using oxiracetam. These were mitigated by cutting back heavily on the amount of MSG in my diet.  While racetams seem to have similar effects, they tend to have different effects on different brains. Your mileage may vary and I'd love to hear comparisons from other people.
I perform just as well as when I'm not taking them  derp, I meant when I WAS taking.
Anybody have any experience with side effects and St. John's Wort?  I took it for a few days to treat depression/mood swings, and I felt really great. It didn't have any of the soykafty side effects i've gotten from prescription anti-depressants, but my eyes were really sensitive to light.  I've read up on it and I've seen some correlation between SJW and cataracts, and I've stopped taking them just to be safe.  How serious is my chance of fuarrrking up my eyesight while taking these? I'd love to keep taking them, but I don't want to go blind. Could damage be prevented just by wearing sunglasses?
It may have interactions with other drugs you decide to take:  https://www.erowid.org/ask/ask.php?ID=3140 
St. Johns Wort can cause and will cause serotonin syndrome if used to together with other soykaf.     661  I have used this plant, but the effects evaded me, what preparation did you use? Tea?
i love st.johns wort. I have been drinking a litre(with 3 teaspoons) almost everyday for 5 months and it really helps to reduce stress. Whenever i miss a few days i can notice it because i feel more overwhelmed by a lot of things again. I mix it with Vitex agnus-castus seeds (also 3 tsp)
I have been taking this for two weeks for depression, and had zero side effects. I take 3 pills of 300mg each a day.   It's no happy pill, but before taking it I had suicidal thoughts daily and spent my days in bed, and now I can do work consistently and also not feel so dysphoric all the time, even though I'm still unhappy. Unhappy is so much better than depressed.  Before that I tried changing my diet, running 3 times a week and doing nofap. None of that changed things.  I wish more people knew about this plant.
Am    662   I tried taking St John's Wort again, this time to help me sleep. I combined it with theanine and melatonin. The results were great for the first couple of nights, but eventually it gave me anxiety and stimulation. I assume this is due to my sensitivity to things that affect serotonin levels.   It seemed to have a synergistic effect with the theanine; the thea made me relaxed and generally happy, while the sjw gave me a sense of wellbeing. I'd keep using it if I could.
Has your waifu taken the global drugs survey yet? If she hasn't you should encourage her to take it. More data is always useful. Have her use Tor if she is feeling tinfoilly.  https://www.globaldrugsurvey.com/GDS2015/ 
Mine took it.
So the Silkroad trial is finally over, and to the surprise of nobody who had seen the reams of evidence that the FBI had Ross was convicted. The idiot arrested for running Silkroad 2 has been completely silent, probably trying to work out a plea deal now that the government has made their example.   Yet Agora and Evolution are still running strong with more listings every day. Bitcoin and Tor powered markets are clearly hear to stay, and with every arrest the police produce a list of mistakes for future owners to avoid.  This is pretty fuarrrking cyberpunk
http://antilop.cc/sr/files/  There are a bunch of files from methylone importation busts included as well as the darknet stuff but it has the most complete collection.  Specific files of interest:  The silkroad complaint, covering the shroomery posts, the stackoverflow stuff and the seized fake IDs  http://antilop.cc/sr/files/DPR_Silk_Road_NY_UlbrichtCriminalComplaint.pdf  key takeaway: once the feds visit you, get out of the US. Start with a clear plan and completely new identities.    The silkroad 2 complaint, detailing all of Blake's (Defcon) blunders: http://antilop.cc/sr/files/2014_11_06_BENTHALL_complaint.pdf  key takeaway: don't rent servers with your personal email  Another file of interest: The farmers market indictment  http://www.wired.com/images_blogs/threatlevel/2012/04/WILLEMSIndictment-FILED.045.pdf  (hybrid market, started out as an email address and expanded to a hidden service.) Key takeaway: don't trust hushmail
I can't imagine why anyone would trust hushmail for doing illegal things. Since the year they started it's been known that they work with the FBI.
Selling drugs on the internet is an interesting idea but it's way too easy for the feds to monitor it. The police can pull all kinds of drokk to make ISPs work with them and the NSA will catch on to pretty much anything shady going on in the US.
That is why the sites use Tor. It has worked out pretty well so far, they have only found the sites by hacking them.
This thread honestly belongs on /drg/ of all boards.
Konichiwa /drg/, what ya drinkin'
Anyone else think beer in cans taste like soykaf? Is it just placebo?  I find bottle much smoother.
I never really noticed a difference. I haven't had beer from a can for a while though.
smoother  I think I know what you mean. For me at least, the way it flows out of the round mouth of a bottle definitely makes it seem that way, versus a can which doesn't do it as well. If you haven't already, try pouring it into a glass and see how it tastes then.
I think alcohol sucks and is mostly only used because of cultural habit, ease of access and because everything else tends to be forbidden. fuarrrk alcohol.
Alcohol is great when used in moderation. My problems with alcohol have always come when I have drunk too much in an attempt to keep up with others. That leads to blackouts and killer hangovers.  If I just keep to beer drunk at my own pace everything goes great.
Feelin' better than great ~     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4TqIMyZrqE 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryiPO1jQdaw  I got fucken fried and loved this track start to finish the other day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqJ2iZ8HJcc  this, tycho, and Com Truise are my waifu's favs while high
I highly recommend this whole album.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mY8SyTsgSko      269  dude My Waifu so feeling this.
The Chemical Brothers - Come With Us album is great to lose yourself into:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F30zbHuTrh0   DJ Shadow's Endtroducing album is prefect for mellowing out:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InFbBlpDTfQ   Nu:Tone's Words and Pictures album is good for partying the night away:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ncz5M8wjAo 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2zKARkpDW4  Boards of Canada is great for /dis/
So what does everyone think about MXE? I've tried it a few times seems pretty nice, haven't m-holed yet though.
ive  you fucked
Has anyone bought some recently? my waifu keeps hearing that the quality of supplies has gotten worse.
Here is a interesting report about using it for treating depression:  https://pay.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/2sa3i3/using_mxe_methoxetamine_for_treating_depression/ 
Happy New Year, /drg/! What is your waifu taking tonight? My waifu is just gonna pop some stims and have a good time.
I did acid together with my best friend and had a absolutely stellar night.
I didn't take anything on New Year's because I jumped the gun and binged on soykaf the day before and was too sick to take anymore. Went to bed at 11pm so I wasn't even up during the count down.  I did end up waking up at 3am but the only thing I did was listen to chill music.
I took some MDMA, but I either dosed too low or screwed something up and it was just a mild evening out rather than an amazing time. Still much better than last year where I got blackout drunk though.
My waifu just cleaned up some amphetamine she had with a acetone wash. It was very easy to make some cold anhydrous acetone and to do the wash. She went from 240mg to 160mg, with some lost to the floor. What is left looks much shinier. She is looking to replicate the process with some MDMA before new years and hopes to take before and after photos.  Has anyone else ever cleaned their drugs up?
My waifu just tried cleaning her MDMA. She started with one gram as a test.
Here is the result. She ended up with 800mg after three wash cycles. She is a little disappointed, she was hoping to make it a little whiter. Perhaps if she had dumped everything through coffee filters it would have been better. She'll try that next time.
better luck next time. did you follow any guides to do this?
She read a number of guides, but it is so simple with only one solvent that it is pretty foolproof. The only thing that the guides were necessary for was manufacturing the anhydrous acetone.
So AL-LAD and LSZ will be illegal in the UK on January 7. Since most of the public vendors selling them are from there, there could be a shortage.  I believe the Chinese have finally had a successful synthesis, so it shouldn't disappear forever. Has your waifu ordered some or had any before?
She does, if your waifu is willing to use bitcoins. Blotter paper is the easiest thing to ship though, so your waifu would be fine ordering from the UK. My waifu isn't sure if posting sources for the purchase of unscheduled chemical compounds is allowed on the board, so she suggests your waifu should grab the software in /layer/ and report back.
tfw my waifu smoked weed, and still passed her drug test.
My waifu wants to know how you did that.
Dilution is the solution. Drink a ton of water, have a piss, then take the sample from mid stream of your second piss. You may need to take vitamin B and creatine to make sure it is yellow enough and won't show as diluted.
just gonna leave this hear    http://jahtari.org/player/lofi/JTRLP03_listen.html   a subject close to my heart :)
.moe
Hey /drg/  Do your waifu enjoy benzos? How about benzos and ambient music with a cuppa-tea? How about benzos with tranquil music, tea, innawoods playing handheld vidyagames?  My waifu does this shit all the time, she gets so relaxed, disbands society, and just games it ontop of a mountain rocked on kpins.
Yep, and they really fuck with your memory.
BWB
Mai waifu takes benzos therapeutically, but on rare occasions goes to a secluded space or is alone in her small flat and takes higher doses with nice music and things to stare at. Benzos make mai waifu more sociable, but she prefers to use them in wilderness spaces.
Why would you want a benzo blackout? Honest question, by definition you won't remember anything that you do.
Some people don't want to remember.
Hey guys, my waifu is looking for something new to try.  She's done weed (lots of), shrooms, Rx painkillers (not that fun).  My waifu likes psychedelics and is open to nootropics. She is uncomfortable with robotripping because one of her good friends who did that stuff a lot off'ed himself. It's not that she things robo is bad, it just brings up bad memories.  Tell my waifu what drug cherry she should pop next.
The dancesafe complete set is the best, as it allow you to test all sort of drugs, not just MDMA.   http://www.dancesafe.org/product/coomplete-adulterant-screening-kit/  It is pretty expensive though, especially if you don't intend to buy drugs often (the reagents in the kit expire after around a year). If you are only looking to test MDMA, you can get by with just the Marquis Reagent, as nearly all of the time the problem will be people trying to sell you methylone or ethylone as MDMA, which it can easily detect. You can buy it from either dancesafe or the bunkpolice, I think it is $20 in either case.  http://www.dancesafe.org/product/marquis-reagent-testing-kit/   http://bunkpolice.com/basic-test-kit/ 
% paint-thinner like \"Ecstasy\" was  what is this I don't even
Paint thinner is an exaggeration, but there have been some pretty bizarre concoctions discovered inside \"ecstasy\" pills.    http://www.ecstasydata.org/view.php?id=3278   http://www.ecstasydata.org/view.php?id=2585   http://www.ecstasydata.org/view.php?id=2754   http://www.ecstasydata.org/view.php?id=2797   http://www.ecstasydata.org/view.php?id=2584   The market being diluted with crappy/dangerous fakes is why everyone went off pills and started using \"molly\". Now the roles have reversed, with \"molly\" being any white/brownish powder/rocks your dealer can get his hands on, and the Dutch have started producing high strength pure MDMA pills, and change the presses up often enough that they are rarely counterfeited. My waifu would trust a Goldbar or Heineken more than she would a capsule with \"molly rocks\" in it.
On the street you mean?  Powdered MD on the darknet will still always be top notch due to the rating-system and competition.
Yeah, darknet stuff is a whole different area. Much less opportunity for bullsoykaf.
Are you ready for the latest drug panic? CNN is producing a special on the dangerous \"synthetic drugs\" that are going to kill your children. It seems to be focusing on the NBOMe deaths in North Datoka, but will also cover \"spice\" and \"bath salts\"  http://www.cnn.com/2014/12/01/us/synthetic-drugs-investigation/index.html   Notice how the story places blame for the deaths on the man importing and selling correctly labelled powder, not the soykafhead who stole a bag of it and handed it out like candy without having a clue what it was.
This is an international propaganda campaign between the nations that cooperated to close down the Tor hidden websites a couple of weeks ago (not even fuarrrking kidding).  Swedish news have run a weekly long propaganda campaign about spice and your children ever since this strike hit, meanwhile spice has been going around teenagers for nearly a decade without a single headline - and now it's the only thing worth plowing the front pages about.   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Onymous   It was surreal when I connected these dots while frequenting meatspace. Governments are becoming globalized.
Are RC/legal highs big in Sweden? I remember reading that they have some pretty aggressive drug laws that make them more attractive than illegal drugs.  Also, there always seem to be a few Swedes dying when a new RC turns out to be pretty dangerous, like 5-IT.
Well I guess I missed it. Does anyone know if there is somewhere it can be watched online?
It looks like they are re-running it this Saturday, 4pm PST.
Caught the rerun, it was pretty bad. They really hammered on Carlton for killing the kids, even when they talked about how one idiot stole the baggie and fuarrrked over everyone by not knowing the doses. I guess that was because he was the only person would would talk to them, they didn't even interview his snitch partner.  They were very focused on NBOMe though, only a passing mention of spice and bathsalts, and no specific chemicals mentioned there. They ended by mentioning that the NBOMe variants were derezzed, so hopefully people will think that all the bad drugs are derezzed and leave it at that.
whats 25-i like?
Online. The streets are dead, long live the streets.
I *love* LSD but didn't enjoy 25i. My experience is very possibly out of the usual, but My Waifu felt a strong bodyload   couldn't sit still, very physically frustrated. Didn't really feel enlightened like LSD does to me. Felt sort of panicky just waiting for it to pass. My Waifu tried smoking weed after a few hours (cant remember exact timeframe, its been years) and there was a big change   felt a lot better, had some mindfuck-ish thoughts in a good way. My Waifu wouldn't take it again.
Try to buy some LSD. Odds are you will get sold NBOMe.
Has anyone tried 2C-I? My waifu has the opportunity to get some, and is considering it. How does it compare with 2C-B, the only 2C compound she has tried.
My waifu advices people to stay away from NBOMe since it's one of the only recent research chemicals (RCs) that can fuarrrking kill you. There is no lethal dose. It's reported to happen at recomended dosages. I'm talking fuarrrking tounge-clipping seizures here.  Since this little community is fairly new, this might be news to some. But back on other drug-oriented forums this is pretty common knowledge by now. I just want you people to know this.  If one hasn't tried at least 10 of the more common and hailed psychedelics, I cannot see why one would want to take the risk of trying NBOMe. There's tried and true entheogens like The Classic Trio: Shrooms, Mescaline and HBW/Morning Glory. Then there are the provably safe RCs from the 60s like LSD and Shulgin's works; the 2C-x family and DOx-family. The latter being in the interesting phenethylamine class (look it up). I mean fuarrrk even DMT is more adviced than even risking your life with the soykaf called NBOMe.  My waifu tried NBOMe by accident the second and third time tripping (wanted LSD but was conned by clueless street-dealers) and it was described to be very similar to what    439  described. Since then my waifu has also tried pure LSD, shrooms and LSA. These chemicals aren't just better, as in more enlightening, cleaner and more enjoyable trips overall, but they also lack the unpleasant knowing of \"I could die a horrible death tonight\" - SOMETHING WHICH SHOULDN'T EVEN BE A THOUGHT DURING A MIND-EXPANDING, PSYCHEDELIC TRIP. fuarrrk.  I care about you people. Don't gamble with death for fuarrrking nothing.  My waifu would even advice DMT over NBOMe. And that's the final boss of the psychedelic realm.  Trip safe, guys and girls. I love you people.
People need to accept that what they experience isn't actually happening, and they have very little experience doing that. It's surprising that more people don't come out convinced of the \"ultimate truth\".
Through cold water extraction My Waifu have created 100 ml codein drink. Bottoms up ,guys.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNGdxiXjAjE 
opiates might become my favorite type damn, My Waifu want to buy some oxycodone now
Get some Promethazine and mix up some lean.
thats kinda cool
Just a heads-up guys, if you see that the codein pills contain codein-sulfate then stay away from them as when you do as I did you will throw up for next 4 days. But to be honest, in those 6 hours I had this euphoria where I felt like all my good feeling neurons lighted up it was the time of my life. Although little dull feeling, almost like having a buzz from smoking little weed without the mental impairment it must be great on high doses. Opiates are a yes in my book, but no if you don't know what you're doing like in my example.
I loves codeine drink. Bitter and salty as fuarrrk though but I guess it's drunk in a similar manner to spirits though right?
I know that psychedelics are very hard to get, but are there any lucky people here that have tried them? LSD, mushrooms, DMT, or others? Or have you thought about it?  I've had LSD 3 times and they've been such a beautiful experiences, My Waifu feel like the way my brain works changes for the better every time My Waifu trip.
My first and only experience was magic truffles and it was a hell of a ride. My Waifu was with 5 friends and we were all inexperienced. We had juice and Skittles prepared, and the living room was filled with mattrasses, blankets and pillows. The start was just weird. Everyone just went off to do their own thing and we split up. Me and two friends locked ourselves up in the bathroom. After a while, we suddenly heard loud banging on the door. Turns out another friend had freaked out and called his parents to help him without telling anyone. Needless to say My Waifu became incredibly scared and confused. My biggest fear was that we'd been sitting in the bathroom for days and someone had an accident in that time. My Waifu must've asked if everything was alright more than 10 times. Luckily the parents were true bros and they stayed around for a bit to comfort everyone. My Waifu was still very disturbed, though, and someone suggested trying to puke the stuff out to try and end the trip. My Waifu went to the bathroom to try and puke but it didn't work and so My Waifu just sat there. At that point the visuals were at their peak, and the comfy and bubbly feeling of being in a light, confined space made me forget about the 'bad' stuff a bit. It also occured to me that the trip would be over in a few hours, and this thought really calmed me down. I must've sat on the toilet with my eyes closed for an hour, fascinated by the sounds coming from the living room and the visuals. When My Waifu closed my eyes My Waifu saw this pattern of hundreds of squares and in every square there was some sort of tiny clockwork or moving trinket, and everything seemed to have a different colour. It was beautiful and My Waifu remember being amazed by the fact that something out of nature could make me see so many engineered and mechanical things. After a while My Waifu saw three circles floating around each other, and My Waifu was convinced at that time that they were like death, present and future. My Waifu felt that it didn't really matter whether someone is dead, alive or yet to be born; we're all part of something greater. After a while My Waifu heard the people who went their own way coming back in the living room, and My Waifu had this overwhelming feeling of how comfy and nice it would be there, so My Waifu finally left the bathroom and the guy's mom who was still there tucked me in. The whole room seemed amazingly soft and cuddly at that time and it was comfy as fuck. After the parents left we turned the lights off and started listening to Kraftwerk. My Waifu have never been so relaxed in my life. My Waifu was totally at peace with everything and the blue lights from the radio flickering in the dark room hypnotized me. We all just kept lying there until the trip was over. All in all it was pretty amazing.
Pretty stupid of the guy to call his parents over. If they had reacted badly to him tripping you all could have had a really bad time.
Has anyone had any 5-Meo-MiPT? My waifu is considering trying a small dose (~5mg) tonight, but she will be around friends who are just drinking. Will they be able to coexist?
but she will be around friends who are just drinking  Don't do it.
She decided against it.
Who here wants to pursue a career in psychopharma? I'm currently swotting up on orgo.
I wish I could, but it's a bit late to change my major, and I was never a huge fan of chemistry. I guess I'll just have to learn online and make drugs in my basement.
I was into EE my entire life(from childhood I was interested into the inner workings of electrical appliances, and thunderstorms amazed me) so I see chem as nothing more of a fun hobby to be truthful. I wish it was something more, like go on crash courses of chemistry, have access to a lab and chemicals or maybe just a buddy I talk with when I have a lunch break but I guess we have to make do, right?
My waifu's hoping to get into this.  http://www.gla.ac.uk/undergraduate/degrees/pharmacology/ 
I've been looking into memantine as a 'functional' NMDA antagonist. Thing is, it's crazy expensive. Is it worth it? Any user reports? Anyone else interested?
So what is your waifu going to take today? Mine has some lovely speed here.
I've heard about that, how does it compare to MXE?
my waifu wanted to try some 2ci but not sure where to look online.
She could order it from China, but there are options if she wants to order from North America. I'm not sure about the rules for openly posting sources, so my waifu suggests you check out this thread  https://lainchan.org/cyb/res/5338.html 
My Waifu never tried MXE. Compared to DXM it is more clear and less heavy. You feel the urge to move and roll around. Furthermore you will be able to speak until total blackout.  The stuff is dangerous, cause you easily freak out or do ridiculous soykaf on high doses.
Does anyone have a good amphetamine dosing chart? Erowid lacks one, which is surprising considering how popular speed is.
lets share images about why you shouldn't do drugs. and also, lets talk in private.
ok
I saw the desudesutalk thread Kek. Now My Waifu feel like an idiot  I should really try it out though.
bump
Does your waifu have a collection or stash of psychoactive substances? Have her post it here.  5 6-MAPB, MDMA,4-FA, MXE, Etizolam, 2C-t-7, 2C-B, Amphetamine, 4-Aco-DMT, Mescaline HCL, 5-Meo-MiPT
Is mescaline easy to make
Getting it from a cactus is pretty easy, but that was bought.
With the current uncertainty about the security of hidden services, it looks like my Waifu is going to have to stick to ordering from email RC vendors. What experiences have waifus had with this method?
Stick with the powders or crystals and avoid pills. Stuff is usually cut. Some of this substances have severe side effects. My Waifu once took an M M after a weekend of intoxication and instead of being pushed up My Waifu felt like a zombie for two days with total exhaustion, like she just ran a marathon.  Delivery and service are just fine. At least in that point My Waifu has never made bad experiences.
So what drugs are people planning on taking this Halloween? My waifu has just gotten her hands on some 4-FA and wants to try it out.
whats that? My Waifu just want to get drunk and see some boobs.
My Waifu wont take anything. That should unleash a fuckload of hallucination and stuff by itself.
My waifu took the 4-FA, but ended up disappointed. The wide variety of doses present online made her choose 100mg, with a 25mg snorted booster. This provided clearheaded energy but little else. For the next text she will probably take 200mg as some sources recommended.
doesn't snorting it hurt like fuck? that's what My Waifu read anyway
It stung like a bitch, but only for for a little while.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2781520/Mexico-massacre-victims-feared-missing-students.html     Mexico hit by student massacre: At least 17 anti-corruption protesters 'rounded up, murdered and dumped in a mass grave' - and another 26 are missing   Why do you do drugs when you support this? Its like buying korans from ISIS.
There's some chance of that yeah But don't jump to conclusions
Government keeping drugs illegal supports cartels. In any case, My Waifu dosen't do cocaine, partly to avoid paying money to cartels. Same with heroin, my government has spent enough billions supporting Afghan drug lords that my Waifu feels she doesn't need to make a personal contribution.
my waifu hates Mexico and shitskins. My waifu just buys the shit to support the Mexican suicide and dumps it in the river.
My Waifu gets her stuff from responsible sources.  We can't have drugs without war, but we can have war without drugs. Who cares?
I feel you man. That's why My Waifu is learning to make her own hallucinogens.
Single nucleotide polymorphism in the neuroplastin locus associates with cortical thickness and intellectual ability in adolescents   http://www.nature.com/mp/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/mp2013197a.html   shorter version:  http://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Rs7171755 
The differences were really quite slight; each copy of the risk allele decreased cortical thickness by 0.7%, and decreased verbal and nonverbal IQ by 1.8 and 1.4 points, respectively.  
just a smaller step to lain future
The point is that it's a start. Scientists don't always discover things in huge steps.
hey lainanon's my Waifu has a hair test coming up and was wondering what the best way to pass it is, besides shaving it all off.
I've heard some solvents work.
Remember kids, glutamate is good for you   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vso9jgfpI_c   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glutamic_acid   http://www.msgfacts.com/nutrition/what_foods_are_glutamate-rich.aspx   http://www.amazon.com/Solgar-L-Glutamic-Acid-Tablets-Count/dp/B0015YM4QS 
disease  mental disorder, sorry
If they can speak to you they can store data my friend.
It's better to eat the precursors to it, then take something like noopept.  L-Glutamine + noopept is a good combo.
to be totally honest , have been taking it for few months now No noticeable effect to be truthful  to add on    360    but there should be serious precautions about the glutamate levels which makes me shelf this idea for better times  maybe it would be possible if injections were timed so that it doesn't hit the brain all at once, but easily change structure of brain, little by little, evading the possibility of your brain going haywire .also normally evading the limit for developing schizo
ups, forgot the pic
So, it is that time of the year now, what are your thougths on magic mushrooms?  Any fun stories?  in pic: Psilocybe semilanceata
eh My Waifu prefer acid. shrooms make me emotionally unstable as My Waifu pretty much already am. my first time tripping on shrooms My Waifu was 19. it took place in a walmart parking lot, as thats where we were sleeping for the night, in my friends car. as we were coming up, we were sitting on grass field in front of  a major road, just chillaxing, till we here a loud BOOM. Then a mangled pick up truck drives by. that pretty much spiraled me out of control. My Waifu was freaking out as we were surrounded by cops. not us per se, but the parking lot. we got through it though. also we lost a 30 sack of weed via street sweeper and My Waifu cried cause My Waifu miss my parents.
Oh, My waifu was just planning to cultivate shrooms! Any good instructions on cultivation? Any other particular advice? My waifu is a complete beginner, so anything will be useful.  Oh, and by the way, my waifu is being offered spores from: Burma, Lizard King, Cambodia, Mckennai. Anything to say about those? Which one makes the best decoration?
My waifu always seems to get internal negative loops during the come up on shrooms, which has never happened on LSD. They always break when the setting is changed though, and after that everything is great.
If your Waifu had a bad time on shrooms you should have her check out  http://www.shroomsurvey.com/ . Alwasy good to help research in this area.
What does /drg/ stash their drugs in? My Waifu just got this to store everything in. All it needs are some dividers to keep everything from sliding around.
lockable slide out drive tray
My Waifu is keeping everything except the weed in little vials inside a tupperware of rice. Keeps everything nice and dry.
in a little metal tin in the air ducts, ac in winter heater in summer
My waifu has a satchel for on the go, and a top sekrit hiding place in her room with a hidden alarm system that rings if anyone trys to open it she can hear anyone fiddling around with it. She likes her satchel, as it holds a lockbox perfectly snug.
I keep them in vials in a tupperware full of rice. The rice keeps them dry, and the vials keep them contained and properly labelled.
So how often does your Waifu take MDMA? My Waifu has been trying to keep to the 3 month breaks recommended by rollsafe.org.
my waifu says she takes it about 4 times a year
i need to know how did you meet your dealer /drg/? i did have 3 guys but one grew up and stopped selling, another realized he was abusing drugs and stopped everything to do with them and my 3rd guy doubled his prices so My Waifu dropped him my problem is My Waifu met them all while in high school and My Waifu dont know anyone who sells or buys anymore My Waifu have mates that smoke with me but they no longer buy themselves so My Waifu dont know how to get a new dealer and growing isn't an option currently
not him, but can you please buy 100 fly traps and give 50 of them a joint and then post results?
My waifu has never actually bought in person, they have always had friends who buy and share or have used the darknet/rc websites.
you do realize that fly-traps don't breathe in and OP or whoever took the picture probably took the joint right out to smoke after taking the pic, right?  mostly through friends, OP, networking. one time it turns out the guy right across the hallway was moving and after we got to know one another he was my guy for half a year.
That's fucking hilarious. I'm gonna let my flytrap smoke a joint some day.
My Waifu was wondering about starting up a 'hobby' of sorts in botany/horticulture. My Waifu needs some basics on growing and how to get started.
The easiest recreational growing is mycology, and it costs very little and doesn't need much space to get started.   http://www.shroomery.org/11323/Getting-Started 
implying drugs arent for niggers 
What? My Waifu sorry but My Waifu take way too much DXM to understand what you're saying.
my doctor has me on Risperidone 2mg for controlling my \"manic states/  bipolar tendencies\" My Waifu going to stop taking it because it turns me into an emotionless and tired potato and lasts for over 24 hours. It feels worse.
Rather than taking medical advice off the internet, My Waifu going to recommend you talk to your doctor about that, If the medication is making you feel worse, something is badly wrong.
Your doctor should be able to change dosage or drug and eventually tailor a medication that works for you
easiest drugs to synthesis at home?
Start here op, maybe even get into home stilling
Meth is pretty easy, any peasant can do it.
Would this be lucrative? Assuming you get your own brand and sell it to boutique liquor stores/ expensive restaurants?
Nope, its a legal hell and making a good product is extremely difficult.
Damn, it would be great if not for the legal hell.  It does not need to be a good product to be sold, it only needs to be expensive. Like whisky.
What's the most enjoyable drug your waifus have ever done? The more outlandish the better.  My favorite experiences were on DOI  http://www.erowid.org/chemicals/doi/doi.shtml   I remember looking at the floor and all the textures normalized in a really unique sort of way. If there was a white next to a black they would sort of fade to grey, the longer My Waifu stared the more homogeneous the colors became. That drug just felt really good and was a good deal for my waifu.
I am pretty inexperienced but 25i was amazing when My Waifu did it alone in my room (my room has the walls and the ceiling covered almost entirely in posters, many were moving)
anyone tried this?  https://www.erowid.org/chemicals/methoxetamine/methoxetamine_effects.shtml 
This is fake K.its shit
Whats the damage to the body if using hard drugs not frequently, with good conditions and safety.
Name the drugs and then we'll see. What you're probably after is evidence of the effect of drug X on the body in a long-term sense, yes?
use erowid.org m8. google it.
Seconding this profusely.  Erowid is lovely.
It only points out Long Term use, Ive looked everywhere for one time use of drugs.
As    230  stated, it depends on the drug. My experience leads me to believe that the human body is pretty resilient when treated responsibly.   However, My Waifu believe some harder drugs can make lasting changes in brain chemistry with one dose alone. Do extensive research beforehand.  The real danger is in \"not frequently\" becoming \"semi-frequently\" and then \"frequently\".
best drug thread. obviously its dxm.
We all have different priorities, but personally My Waifu only take the things that don't hit heavily or negatively on my system. That includes alcohol, neurotoxic and/or highly addictive chemicals. This leaves a lot of stuff left. Including the most beneficial branch of hallucinogens imo - psychedelics, which is a vast and plentiful branch. My Waifu would highly suggest you to investigate further on that part. My Waifu never got a hangover from either MPT, LSD or psilocybin mushrooms. Actually, psychedelics in general have a reputation of having among the most pleasant \"afterglows\ as we call it, amongst the major families of drugs that My Waifu know of. Perhaps opiates could compare, but they have some rather nasty side-effects included as well, as My Waifu sure you're aware of.  I would suggest that you     Follow the white rabbit.  ",
I'm really interested to try mushrooms, My Waifu just don't know where to get any. Living in California and dont have a single drug hook up, thats why the first drug My Waifu tried was DXM, cause My Waifu could get it at walmart.   feelsbadman.png 
and dxm will give you literal brain damage and/or liver failure if you use it too much, idiot.
posting in a robert brown thread
tokiko~
My Waifu will just leave it here
funny, but most of this should be common sense
I like the hollow sharpie idea. I'd add that you probably shouldn't keep any more drugs in your car than you can use in one sitting. Why hustle to hide your stuff when in a pinch you can just swallow the rest of your joint and be done with it.
Any of you guys live in Washington? My Waifu do and never smoked anything before. My Waifu was thinking about going the store to pick up some weed for the first time.
Did your waifu pick anything up?
As a Scandinavian My Waifu so fucking jealous of you guys right now. Though the spread of legal weed has been going as predicted, and if it carries on in the same tempo as the last five years My Waifu expecting it to have hit the better parts of Europe in a span of ten years. It's an interesting time to be alive.
Best Korea knows where it's at.
best korea is too focused on meth to do much weed. My Waifu thinks she remembers a news article about a journalist seeing it sold there though.
My favorite drug is DXM. My Waifu think it's great, because not only is it so widely available, it also has great effects on psychological growth and general wellbeing. My Waifu am a big supporter of its general use. Does anyone else here have experience with it, other than me?
I made this in ms paint to describe what it feels like to me. Tripped maybe 10 times, minimum wait in between is a week per plateau. My Waifu haven't taken any in a few months because my last trip didn't feel as rewarding/interesting/\"enlightening\" as it used to. My Waifu might try it again in a month or two.  My first experience (360 mg) had me looking down at my hands and realising that My Waifu am made of (very temporary) flesh and bone. My Waifu 'realised' that My Waifu am in the body of what is practically a monkey and it felt extremely profound and has changed my perspective in that way. Drawing was also something My Waifu really enjoyed, just the smoothness of graphite on a page and the hand movements My Waifu could make felt amazing.  Protip: Drink 100ml (maximum) of syrup in one/two gulps and chase it with orange juice. Repeat again in an hour (or whenever the 'syrup in your stomach feel' goes away) and you won't throw up.
Die tokiko
You only like it because you've never tried a better dissociative.  DXM is to MXE what brickweed is to dank.
DXM has a broader spectrum of effects than MXE. MXE is a relatively clean NMDA antagonist. DXM hits all sorts of things. MXE is for fun, but DXM is for personal progress.
Where do My Waifu get DXM in the UK?
What's your opinion on i-doser?  http://www.i-doser.com/   I tried once but it didn't seems to do anything…
It doesn't give meaningful effects. It's a bit of a waste of time.
The non-drug i-dosers seemed to have good use for meditation but the others appear useless.
HAHAHA My Waifu LOVE Mega64
Hmm My Waifu checked the site,  am My Waifu correct in assuming its kind of like the mood organ in pic related, just supposed to use sound?
are there any kind of drugs that help you lucid dream?
This too. This actually helps believe it or not. TV/monitor glaring up until the minute you jump into bed has been proven to worsen sleep. Think I read an article about just that.   Anyways - you don't need narcotics for such a simple task mate. If you're not an insomniac, but that's a whole other issue.
I am unsure of its usefulness in supporting lucid dreaming, but valerian extract has had similar, if not stronger effects upon dream clarity than melatonin has for me.
this and vitamin B6 and B12  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calea_ternifolia 
Yes.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calea_ternifolia  Buy this in pills on amazon. It's only illegal in Poland and Louisiana, so sucks if you live there My Waifu guess.
Mugwort is an herb that can be made into tea, or put under your pillow. It has been known to help with lucid dreams
How humorous of them.
