Having trouble opening .epubs- anyone know any good programs to use for this?
I use the ebook-viewer binary, which is a part of Calibre.
Calibre:  http://calibre-ebook.com/   FBReader:  http://fbreader.org/ 
SumatraPDF
So, what do you guys thing of audio books?  I've never listened to one myself, but during my commute in the morning and evenings, I usually just listen to a podcast, and I've been considering maybe downloading an audio book to try out. But I love physical books so much, I feel like I'd be robbing myself.
I like to have both. Reading along while I listen to it. I find it helps with the immersion. Only problem is it takes a hell of a lot longer to get through the book.   In order of preference I'd say both, book, audiobook. With the audiobook by itself I get distracted by other things that I'm doing  like reading. It helps if you have something else you're doing that isn't very distracting. My friend is technically blind so he uses audiobooks exclusively. He listens to it while he's working out, walking the dogs, putting models together. He said the same thing though. It does take some getting used to.
I've been told Joyce's work would make excellent audiobooks. I've heard an excerpt from Finnegan's Wake spoken by James Joyce and it definitely worked.
I like audio books. Especially when drawing/painting. I HIGHLY recommend listening to little brother and Homeland. They're written by cory doctoro and read by will wheaton    inb4 SJW     they're very /cyb/ and the characters  use real technologies that promote anonymity/freedom.   Im actually currently downloading them to re listen  to them
While it isn't really an audio book, William Burroughs' (who wrote Naked Lunch) Dead City Radio is an interesting record to site down to. The whole record is spoken word; Burroughs reads excerpts from Naked Lunch and short stories, so it's basically an audiobook. What makes it interesting is that there are a few musicians and producers, like the Sonic Youth, who help build the atmosphere. A few subtle presentations of production make it a really clever work.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxBdSSQ7kWY   In fact, it seems like the best part of audiobooks is how the stories are much easier to comprehend when spoken.
I like audiobooks because i get free hands and eyes to do household work, typing or playing video games. In fact, i like them so much i made this thing     /diy/474  so i can rip audiobooks off youtube from my phone's browser  it's basically a thing that calls yt-downloader remotely and then serves the result as a file download
this is a book printed in 1903. it is a high school ancient  history book that goes to about 900 A.D. with the empire of charlemagne. has nothing to do with nazis.  will post more pics if anyone is interested.
Check 'em
this is a book printed in 1903.    has nothing to do with nazis.     it would obviously be a fuarrrking temporal paradox if a book printed in 1903 actually had anything to do with Nazis    puts \"has nothing to do with nazis m'kay\" disclaimer anyway 
Why is it that obvious? Someone who's not that knowledgeable about the subject might think that the nazi ideology was previous to 1903.
That would be very sad and dumb especially on a /lit/ board. No offense, of course.
Why does arguing about this matter?
Do you have any favorite history books?  Any favorite points in history you like to read about?
http://www.historyisaweapon.com/zinnapeopleshistory.html  because it was derezzed from the school curriculum  I used to love reading about the enlightenment and scientific revolution.
Early modern world history, particularly economics. But anything early modern will do.
I love Alexander the great, but otherwise it's mostly German history from shortly before and after WW 1 and 2. Also there are no specific books I favor.
I've been getting interested in Islamic History.
I have a boner for the Spanish Civil War.
I haven't had any interest in philosophy until recently, and now, interested in it, I feel overwhelmed by the huge number of possibilities from where to start. What should I do?
I am a bit interested in tech, not really much science, why do you say that anyway? And are either of those really starting points?
I'm assuming because we're on a tech related chan positivism and deconstruction are too contemporary for a starting out point, you could try starting with some of the enlightenment era philosophy (empiricism and rationalism, early political philosophy, philosophers like john locke and thomas hobbes) and transition into modern / post modern from there, I remember that's what I did and it worked pretty ok. Of course you're going to run into greek philosophy and older stuff at that point too, so it wouldn't be a bad idea to read about some of the bigger greek philosophers when they become relevant
by the way, if anybody tries to coopt you into their specific philosophies, or your sources seem to bias against some side or another, drop them immediately. Form your own opinions on what you're learning before falling to somebody else's, and don't be a dick about movements you don't agree with or understand
If you are lazy you could try some podcasts.   http://historyofphilosophy.net/    Peter Adamson, Professor of Philosophy at the LMU in Munich and at King's College London, takes listeners through the history of philosophy, \"without any gaps.\" The series looks at the ideas, lives and historical context of the major philosophers as well as the lesser-known figures of the tradition.    starts at ancient Greeks and is currently somewhere in the medieval times.   http://www.partiallyexaminedlife.com/    The Partially Examined Life is a philosophy podcast by some guys who were at one point set on doing philosophy for a living but then thought better of it. Each episode, we pick a text and chat about it with some balance between insight and flippancy. You don't have to know any philosophy, or even to have read the text we're talking about to (mostly) follow and (hopefully) enjoy the discussion.  
does it focus on eastern philosophy at all or are we only looking at western sources?
Anyone read the book of the law? Loving the puzzles
What s it about?
\"The book of the law is the central sacred text of Thelema, written down from dictation mostly by Aleister Crowley, although Rose Edith Crowley is also known to have written two phrases into the manuscript of the Book after its dictation. Crowley claimed it was dictated to him by a discarnate entity named Aiwass or Aiwaz. However, the three chapters are largely written in the first person by the Thelemic deities Nuit, Hadit, and Ra-Hoor-Khuit respectively, rather than by Aiwass/Aiwaz.\"  Wikipedia
I really want to get innto soykaf like this but it's hard if english isn't your 1st language.
I'm always impressed by how one of my favourite authors - Philip Dick - can move between many different stories and always have a succinct way to give an android a new name that implies its capacity and function.   Robant, simulacra, etc. I'm writing up a story at the moment and trying to do the same. What are some cool names that I can use? My robot type beings are sentient androids that are made from protein-based nanostructures.
Printed Meat. The Fresh Folk
Mechanical Men/Humans Human Machines
I really like Printed Meat. they both sound like band names
mock flesh
I really love the word Andy's in Do androids dream of electric sheep.  What do the humans think about the androids in your world? Are they on equal level with humans? Can you tell a person and an android apart? I think the best names reflect the society that coined them.  I think you should start with the usage of the word and work from there. In what situations does a person need to differentiate between humans and androids? When did it start? Think about the context and history of the word.     I really like  http://www.thesaurus.com/  for this because you can click trough related words and get some inspiration that way.  Phonies,  Ables,  Tools, Helps
there was a thread about this sometime but i cant find it so fuarrrk it  i read the first 3 or so issues and i liked what i saw, so if you're bored and up for some comics also comix reader is pretty good if you get it in .cbr form
What do you like about transmetropolitan?
everything except the sexism topic-wise it's a bit like Max Headroom because the protagonist works in the news business and tries to change some stuff about the world  i found it pretty entertaining overall so that's why i made the post
What's the plot? And through what medium do you access it? Thinking of reading it.
hey sup /lit/erati, wouldn't it be great if we all picked some book and then read it together? Like how /w/ does anime streams, except less watching and more reading.  What I'm thinking is we spend 2 weeks on a book, no more than say 200 pages, and have it be scifi or cyberpunk. Pic related is my suggestion, but it's about 50 pages too long.
alright, this seems like all the popularity we're gonna get. So, the book is I, Robot. Since it's a few short stories you can read however many you like. I'll post a discussion thread on 2/16. DLs:  http://ebookbees.com/i-robot-by-isaac-asimov-free-ebook/  Two file formats attached.
btw, you don't have to finish the book by then. this is just when we'll start discussing.
Count me in, this sounds interesting enough.
I'll do it if time permits. Plus, I've one and a half books I'm placing as a priority, though.
new thread is up!     /lit/833 
sorry this is a day late  for the past week, we've been reading stories from I, robot (   /lit/772). Whether you've finished the book or not, here's a thread to discuss your thoughts so far. I'll post my thoughts after we get a few replies.
Any good lainchan manga?
I've heard the Planetes manga's pretty good and atleast somewhat /cyb/. While the anime focuses more on politics and human relations, the manga centers more on existential concepts and humanity's relationship with space.
this is an obvious answer, but Ghost In The Shell had a very good manga do try to get the uncensored edition
Whats a good Dystopian Philosophical Space book, sounds weird ik.  Ive never been into reading novels, maybe someone can recommend something in that sort of genre.    Ive read all the enders game's That movie did not do it honor  And cloud-atlas was really good Move did it honor
You.  I like you.  Go look up James Tiptree Jr. Prepare to fall in love with the human race only to become heartbroken again after the first short story.
Blushes, thank you.  Any recommendations as to where to start? What's your take?
this is a good book.
Dune by Frank Herbert. The dystopian themes aren't obvious at first, however.
this also The Forever War by Joe Haldeman has all the themes you mention and it's my fav sci-fi book
Just picked up this bad boy for $2. Has anyone read it?
Are you me? I've just finished Neuromancer and read The Difference Engine a couple of years ago.
I enjoyed it. The ending was kind of odd, but that's to be expected of Gibson.  Definitely find a copy of Mona Lisa Overdrive when you finish it.
Count Zero was tops.  I was so pleased to hear that armored hovercraft exist IRL.
count zero has some really, really cool moments.
how to spot kalyx    Takes a picture of a book with the camera looking down towards his feet    that bracelet    that watch    those pants    those shoes 
Hi /lit/!  Our esteemed moderator, Junk, linked me this:  http://myimmortalrehost.webs.com/ . The fanfic, My Immortal.  I will be rewriting it, one chapter at a time. It will last either a month or two, or until I get swamped. I can't promise a new chapter every day, but I will try.  I will post the original, unedited chapter in one post, then my edited version in the next. My edited version will NOT be very funny if you have not read the unedited version.  Now, let the fun and horrible story telling begin! If the story doesn't make sense, don't worry. That just adds to the fun.
UNEDITED, ORIGINAL VERSION. CHAPTER I.     Chapter 1.  AN: Special fangz (get it, coz Im goffik) 2 my gf (ew not in that way) raven, bloodytearz666 4 helpin me wif da story and spelling. U rok! Justin ur da luv of my deprzzing life u rok 2! MCR ROX!  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  Hi my name is Ebony Dark’ness Dementia Raven Way and I have long ebony black hair (that’s how I got my name) with purple streaks and red tips that reaches my mid-back and icy blue eyes like limpid tears and a lot of people tell me I look like Amy Lee (AN: if u don’t know who she is get da hell out of here!). I’m not related to Gerard Way but I wish I was because he’s a major fuarrrking hottie. I’m a vampire but my teeth are straight and white. I have pale white skin. I’m also a witch, and I go to a magic school called Hogwarts in England where I’m in the seventh year (I’m seventeen). I’m a goth (in case you couldn’t tell) and I wear mostly black. I love Hot Topic and I buy all my clothes from there. For example today I was wearing a black corset with matching lace around it and a black leather miniskirt, pink fishnets and black combat boots. I was wearing black lipstick, white foundation, black eyeliner and red eye shadow. I was walking outside Hogwarts. It was snowing and raining so there was no sun, which I was very happy about. A lot of preps stared at me. I put up my middle finger at them. “Hey Ebony!” shouted a voice. I looked up. It was…. Draco Malfoy! “What’s up Draco?” I asked. “Nothing.” he said shyly. But then, I heard my friends call me and I had to go away. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  AN: IS it good? PLZ tell me fangz!
EDITED VERSION. CHAPTER I. PART I.  Special thanks (Get it? It is because I’m mentally deprived), to my girlfriend (yuck; not in that way) Raven. Many thanks to bloodytearz666 for helping me with the story and spelling, sadly you are useless. I mean, “you are a distinguished individual.” Justin, you are the love of my hopeless, pathetic, and meaningless life, you, too, are amazing. Sadly, I have a horrible taste in music.                                              -      “Salutations; my name is Ebony Darkness Dementia Raven Way, and I hate my parents for naming me this. I have long ebony hair (which is the reason behind my name) and it is streaked with purple and has red tips that reach down to my mid-back (which isn’t hard, as I am a midget.) I also have icy-blue eyes that remind one of limpid tears; many people tell me that I look like Amy Lee (if you do not know the name of this person, please leave in a manner filled with haste.) I am not related to Gerard Way, but I do desire such a relation, for he is most excellent in body and mind. I am a vampire, however, my teeth are straight and white (but I am not racist, I swear!) My skin is pale white. I am a witch, and I am currently attending the Hogwarts School of Wizardry and Witchcraft, which is located in the United Kingdom (they dropped their dress requirements just to let me in); I am in the seventh year, and I am seventeen years of age. I am quite gothic in manner and dress (you should have realized this by now, idiot) and I adore the non-color of black. For example, earlier today I was wearing a black corset with matching lace around it, a black leather miniskirt, pink fishnets, and black combat boots (I curse myself for my atrocious sense of fashion.) On my face I had black lipstick, white foundation, black eyeliner, and a red eye shadow, because this rather improved how I looked, rather than diminishing it. I traversed the ground outside of my beloved school; sleet was falling, and the sun was blotted out. It made me quite happy, as I forgot my sunglasses in my room. A lot of younger students were staring at me. I communicated my disapproval through an obscene hand gesture in their direction.    I have to split it into two posts, because it is too long for one post. 
EDITED VERSION. CHAPTER I. PART II.   “Hey Ebony!” shouted a voice. I looked up. It was Draco Malfoy, the boy of my nightmares (I’m gothic, remember?) “Ayy, what’s up Draco?” I asked. “Nothing.” He said shyly, as he twirled his blonde hair with his finger. However, just at this moment, my friends called me, and I had to depart, but as I went, I glanced over my shoulder at Draco. He was staring at me, longingly. One hand was in his pants. It was shaking oddly, and I supposed that another student must have thrown a roach down his pants. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  AN: Does it flow well? Please tell me, my illiterate brethren!
you should keep this in a pastebin, and just post that
I would, but then I worry that people wouldn't notice it or read it.
Does there exist a compendium for all the mathematics one would need if one has no formal education and wants to start an academic career at a university? Either in book form, ebook form or just as a knowledge base/project on a website.  If not; what books would I have to read and work with before my mathematical understanding would be sufficient?
Depends what you mean by academic career.  It's probably not the best approach but Garrity's All the Mathematics You Missed But Need to Know for Graduate School has a brief overview of the main topics you would have encountered with recommended texts at the end. To decide on the best one for each topic you could go to stack exchange but everyone has their own opinion so it can be quite hard to decide. There seems to be too many partial 'compendiums' of required reading so this seems like a reliable way to go.  Also here's a sci guide for someone starting at 'college freshmen' level or whatever it's called. This would \"probably\" be a good way to start.  Below that level I would just use khan academy for the pre-calc and intro to calculus stuff. It seems to cover most pre-university things.  Sometimes using a similar text to online courses materials such as MIT ocw helps keeping a reference point for the pacing when working through something.  Beyond this would depend on what you found most interesting clearly. These guides tend to leave out things that might be more physics related like dynamical and differential systems but still from a purer math point of view. Books from people like Strogatz, Glendinning and Cartan would be recommended for these topics.
Thanks for the information; this is exactly what I wanted. I just need to know what I should know before applying for a bachelor - normally a formal education would fill that role, but alas; we cannot all be lucky enough to walk that road.  Getting to know known and unknown unknowns.
Don't want to sound like I'm shilling for Khan Academy (can't stand the new site layout) but everything up to integral calculus would be essential in terms of the topics to learn (i.e. Algebra Basics, Algebra I   Pre-calculus,Differential Calc). It just helps that they have a built in exercises system to check answers with. I don't know how different the requirements in other countries are but here's what I finished high-school with (revision guide hopefully attaches).  The algebra section of:  http://tutorial.math.lamar.edu/  and possibly the Calc I section should be enough background preparation once you can handle them. They're apparently college level but I'm not sure (I'm guessing this is for American or UK bachelors). This site is quite helpful during the first couple of years at bachelors level too. Many colleges apparently have a liberal arts first year so they probably cover this stuff there anyway. But it's good to be well prepared.
here is a nice pdf on lockpicking.
Try to post the password when you upload an encrypted PDF 
OP posted the password in an other thread IIRC.
Password is in the title: evva3ks
Got the password. However, how to disable it after loading it? How can I remove the function of having to use a password to get in?
If you really need to remove the password just use qpdf.    qpdf  password=evva3ks  decrypt 1413080273839.pdf  picking.pdf  Or whatever
what are your thoughts on the recent news concerning this novel's sequel?  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_Set_a_Watchman  think it's interesting that she wrote Go Set a Watchman first (allegedly) and also that she may have been coerced into releasing it. Smells like intrigue, yeah?
I would not be surprised if she was coerced into releasing it. She has become irrelevant and fragile, so it would have been easy. It also seems suspicious, as you said, that it was written \"before\" TKAM. About the book itself, I don't think it will be as good. Part of the success of TKAM was that it was really the first popular book to challenge racial problems of the past while said problems were still going on. This new book won't have nearly as much of an advantage in it's release.
What are your favorite short stories?  http://www.multivax.com/last_question.html  this one has a special place in my heart because it follows a basic formula but the end was a huge mindfuarrrk
I robot is both a great collection of short stories and a great cohesive whole.    772 
Tried to upload the .txts, though it led me to an error stating that it was an unknown file type.
alright, just put them on pastebin and link them
The Egg -  http://pastebin.com/TximjEQS  Life in the Machine -  http://pastebin.com/tWkE9cF8  Psychosis -  http://pastebin.com/bS45QPu3  Tulpa -  http://pastebin.com/iySC7agn  The Last Answer -  http://pastebin.com/jZ1mnjQc 
psychosis  fuarrrk, I know this one.. have another scary story  http://hermiene.net/short-stories/i_have_no_mouth.html 
Hi /lit/!  So, I am wanting to get into the business of buying and selling books. I am thinking of like buying them at garage sales and stuff (where you can usually get a book anywhere from $0.20 to $2) and sell them online.  Before I start buying, though, my mother has a few bins of older books that she doesn't want. She said I can go through, keep what I want, and sell the rest, and I can split the money with her 50/50. Seems pretty good to me, as it will give me experiences in selling.  I am trying to make money this way, rather than getting a job, as my parents would prefer if I started a small business, rather than getting a job (high school senior; still live at home.)   Do you have any good advice, /lit/?    Pic not related 
First suggestion is to have a job-even if small and merely part time- to back this up, as you will require funds to start a small business. And atleast if you've any trouble in starting said business, you've fall-back plan and can recover and try again if need be.
since many people read more plays than they watch, I'm inclined to believe plays are literature.  What's your favorite play, /lit/? I really liked \"how to succeed in business without really trying\ it's a 1962 musical about a window washer who bullsoykafs his way to the top of the corporate ladder.",
I wanted to get into plays recently and visited some theatres in the past months but didn't really like any I have seen. A modern adaptation of Orestes, Ibsen's A Doll's House and a collection of some short ballet pieces was actually the best amongst the plays.  I really wanted to see some of Sartre's works or Brecht but no places offered them.
well, that's unfortunate. Have you read any works?
who fantasy books here?
no, the kingkiller chronicle is just as good, i just forgot to post it  3  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick_Rothfuss 
I just pre-ordered his next book that's coming out in October. It's not the third book though, it's a side story about Auri.
shame, but thanks for the update
Fuck yeah dragonlance. My childhood is flashing before my eyes. I've only read the first two Dragonlance Chronicles books and half of the first book of the War of Souls when I was a kid (I got lazy reading books pretty quick) but damn. I always fantasized (no i didn't roleplay) about being a mage like Raistlin and thought how cool it'd be if I lived in that universe. My imagination went wild with fantasy back then. MTG and my two month summer sub of WoW are also my fondest memories of the fantasy genre as a child ;_;
Fantasy, fuarrk yeah!!!    Pic related  I love that universe, have read that, the trilogy, the first book written and publish, and the story of the Silmarils. Still need to read Unfinished Tales and a few others, though.  I would HIGHLY recommend a series known as the Ranger's Apprentice. They are geared toward younger kids, but so was the Hobbit. They are great! 8/10 in my book! Highly recommend. You can also download them as ebooks on either libgen or bookzz.
Hey /lit/, does anyone know of contemporary philosophers that write about technology and its relationship to humans and society?  When I say contemporary I mean works put out within the past five years or so.  I feel like with how rapidly the atmosphere of society has changed with the advent of social media, communications, and  government surveillance  there would be more people writing opinions on the subject in the ways that philosophers have addressed issues of morality and such in the past.  I've been thinking it would be interesting to read what other people have to think, and by the nature of structured and well written philosophy, a welcome alternative to 3 lines of shitposting on anonymous image boards.  Obviously RMS would probably be on the list, so does anyone else know of writers on these topics that are worth reading?
In the vein of    225 , I would say Marshall McLuhan.
Frank J Tipler's Physics of Immortality might be of interest. Would attach a PDF, however it's too large.

Bernard Stiegler Technics and Time.
Try Evgeny Morozov.
I'm curious, lainchan: where do you get your physical books? Your local library, bookstores, flea markets, online? New/used?
Local library or the one of my university, used book stores, sometimes normal bookstores too, rarely Amazon.
If I'm looking for a particular book I buy it new from a bookstore. I also look at random stuff in second-hand bookstores, I love to find some hidden treasure. Most public libraries here are shit.
if they know what you read they know who you are  all darknet here
Second-hand bookshops are a goldmine, and I'm fortunate enough to live somewhere with quite a lot.
Bookdepository or local used bookstores.   For random stuff I either buy it at local stores if they are cheap enough or download them at libgen. If I know a title already well enough then I just order it from BD.
So I just got the physical version of dreamspace. What is your newest physical acquisition?

Trying to convince us you are normal or got a good deal?    Nice try, Satan 
Dreamspace is really fuarrrking cool.
Just got these in the mail. Book depository always seems to get to me fast.
These are the latest ones I guess.
What do you guys do to rebind your books when they start to fall apart?  I bought some old computing books and one of the pages has fallen out already, with another getting close.  I don't know what kind of glue I should get, if any.
For books I value I just let the pages be loose and leave them in the book. I feel that I would cause more harm compared to what I can help.   If it was a book I really valued I would try to get it to a professional ( doubt we have any around here ).
Polyvinyl acetate.    396  Old librarians know how to rebind books, younger librarians just get rid of damaged books.
I second this about librarians. Since I live near a large city, I go to the main library there and speak with the older staff. They are always glad to help.
Thank you.  I'll go to my library and ask if they can help me.  If not, I'll get some polyvinyl acetate.
We have a pretty big university library here, and even they send books halfway across the country to get them rebound apparently.
I have a folder of hacker stuff, so why not dump it here?
Everything is FTP, man. A server would be neat-o.
We have  http://soykaf.org/ .
get a tablet (or a kindle) I've been reading most of my material on pdfs on my tablet for more than a year now, mostly books on programming
what's up with this?  Also, use soykaf.org maaaan
Anybody on here write? Care to share anything you've written?
Prologue  The sky above the horizon begins to glow. A nesting gull raises its head from the shelter of its wing and peers outwards. In the distance, a crest of fire can be seen rising out of the ocean.  The bird lifts its beak towards the sky and lets out a piercing shriek. Almost immediately, other seabirds reply with equally penetrating voices. Before long the entire cliff becomes a cacophony of squawks and screeches as the burning giant lifts its enormous head and gazes upon the ocean. On the highest precipice, a small figure can be seen.  As the ball of flame rises, the figure kneels. Waves swirl and crash at the foot of the dark crag, roaring at the noisy gang of birds. The giant grows larger and brighter in the sky, casting stretched red shadows across the land. The small figure covers its head as if to shelter itself from the monstrous blaze. The shrieking rabble takes off from the cliffs and swarms into the heavens.  Everything becomes quiet.
/10  Might need a better \"hook,\" per se, but it is good if you start reading it and pay attention.
I like the conversational style of this, you should definitely emphasize that. Some sentences could use a touch up. (for example, \"it focuses into\" could be \"he focuses on\"). What part of this was supposed to troll your class?
It was supposed to be a happy-happy-joy-joy work related to our pets. :3
haha, bet they loved that
http://junk.soykaf.org/cyberpunk-books/  feel free to upload books you have to junk.soykaf.org/public/
Audiobooks as well?
absolutely! check in sticky for the exact directory.
I've been rocking one of these since they were new, with custom firmware of course. the prs-300 goes for 20-30$ on eBay now. it gets the job done, and that job is reading.
I have a Hanlin V5, it's small, basic and sometimes has problems with ugly PDFs, but it's really useful and I love it.
I use the first generation Kindle Fire. I like it!
it gets the job done  I like your attitude. People are so consumerist about hardware these days, it annoys me.
thanks recently i broke my prs-300, and just got a new one for 20$ since it gets the job done.
So lains, for this story, it is rather simple. We are writing a cyberpunk story, and to put it simply, the users make the story.    Rules   No doing two posts in a row. No killing off the main character, which the first post will decide who it is. Write however much you want. Whether it be two paragraphs, or a sentence.  I'll start    The two moons rose over Shidyara. Most of them were sleeping, but some were awake. Those who knew how to take care of themselves in the dark. Those who used the dark to fight back. They fought for everyone, but they fought individually, rarely teaming up with one another.
I think the same, I didn't want to do any fore-planning. Just wanted to make sure we weren't making a mistake with the narrative. 
A sealed bottle of nothing will still hold nothing, even if it's thrown into the ocean.
\"A sealed bottle of nothing will still hold nothing, even if it's thrown into the ocean,\" was my first thought when I got out of the machine. I thought to myself how true it was. It was a metaphor for a person. If you value nothing, and do not think for yourself at all, what value do you have? You are no more than a cog; a part of a machine.  I will fight to never be a cog!
Anyone want to get this started back up with me? Let's do it, lainons! 
I gotcha   Upon its creation, The Iron Moon reflected approximately three times the light of the sun from its predecessor, manufacturing a night with just the more reserved feeling of its sister.  Yet maintenance had faltered in the years hence and we were left with an angry red watchman, eyeing us with the certain malevolence of fantastic villains from old literature. Somehow this echoed the permanence of our condition, the constant reminder of a rare occasion left to rot as if by mere apathy of a higher power. On her brightest nights, the dimmest of our city's harsh blue lights would mingle with the unholy scowl from above and produce a shade of violet on the streets alien as it was familiar, as if one could find secret solace in the fatal intercourse by hell and judgment.  Central Park is one of these spots, I realized as I made my way there, an eden where the forbidden fruit of life was yet untainted, at least for the night, by the sterile claws of god.  It was the appropriate time, and my first impression of the dim silhouette was understood.
Anyone else read this masterpiece?
Yes, the general feeling strikes me as an obvious satire of consumerism. It's absolutely wonderful in how well he understood how the morality of his generation stood.
I really enjoyed that book, but I just despise it now. It has nothing do with the actual book itself, but one of my not so intelligent friend (who is also obvlivious to this fact) just couldn't shut up about how great the movie was for conveying millionaires as \"their true face\". Now everytime I see that title I just hear his dumb fuarrrking monologues.  I'm sorry Bret Easton Ellis, you deserve better than this.
The movie was good, though.
If anyone is thinking of reading it
Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software.    Most people can understand concepts like objects, interfaces, classes, and inheritance. The challenge lies in applying them to build flexible, reusable software, and design patterns can show you how.   magnet:?xt=urn:btih:ac4631bf14a1e7c9cf371598d0ab1040c1b39017 dn=Design+Patterns%3A+Elements+of+Reusable+Object-Oriented+Software. tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.openbittorrent.com%3A80 tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.publicbt.com%3A80 tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.istole.it%3A6969 tr=udp%3A%2F%2Fopen.demonii.com%3A1337
I have a design patterns book in pdf format that a friend of mine shared with me a while back.  Baffles me that in 4 years of college pursuing a CS degree, I never had a course on design patterns.  They reserved that for the graduate-level courses.  Weird.
wrong board?
we just had a course in software architecture etc. but instead of reading this book we fuarrrked around with RUP and soykaf like that     337  now that you mention it.. i'm pretty unsure  let's see if i can actually upload the book now unlike when i tried last time. also if someone has a better electronic version of it please share
Who /write/ here? Surely, this board is the proper one for this thread r-right guys? Do you write? What do you write about? Can we see? I wanna get back to the habit of writing but I don't want to force myself into some style or genre because then I stop enjoying it and yeah, that's why I stopped doing it anyway. Any ideas there?
Surely, this board is the proper one for this thread r-right guys?   You got it!  I write VERY infrequently. Mostly composing poems, or the occasional page or two story.    Can we see   Give me a topic you want a poem on, and I will try to write one. It might be short, thogh.    Any ideas there  Just freewrite, have fun while doing it. fuarrrk writing in certain genres. Who even cares if the story makes sense? As long as it has some value, comedic or otherwise, it has a purpose.  We did have a story thread going, but I think it fell off because people were afraid that they would take it in the wrong direction.     489  Feel free to contribute, it would get the story going again!
Sorry, I am an idiot.     489 
Give me a topic you want a poem on, and I will try to write one. It might be short, thogh.   Lain
B-but I haven't watched SEL yet. O_O
I'm considering writing essays, I'll put some up in soykaf when I get to make a decent one
http://www.digitalspy.co.uk/comics/news/a605536/inj-culbard-adapting-robert-w-chamberss-the-king-in-yellow.html   I, for one, am quite looking forward to this. I am a huge fan of The King in Yellow, and like I. N. J. Culbard's stuff (I have his illustrations of At the Mountains of Madness, The Picture of Dorian Gray, and Deadbeats).  Anyone else planning on getting this when it comes out?
Has anyone read this book? People tend to feel strongly one way or the other about the subject matter and the unnecessary(?) excesses of the protagonist.
Not read it. What's the plot? I might look into acquiring it.
Here is the basic synopsis:  Dr Max Aue is a family man and owner of a lace factory in post-war France. He is an intellectual steeped in philosophy, literature, and classical music. He is also a former SS intelligence officer and cold-blooded assassin. He was an observer and then a participant in Nazi atrocities on the Eastern Front, he was present at the siege of Stalingrad, at the death camps, and finally caught up in the overthrow of the Nazis and the nightmarish fall of Berlin. His world was peopled by Eichmann, Himmler, Goring, Speer and, of course, Hitler himself. Max is looking back at his life with cool-eyed precision; he is speaking out now to set the record straight.
What do you consider the most influential, important, or generally great science fiction novels?   Whats your record for number of readings for single book?
A Scanner Darkly.
I think PKD was the best practical cyberpunk writer.
Lots of stuff by Isaac Asimov, for sure. I really liked Foundation.
, without a doubt
Just read \"the man in the high castle\". Although the end was a bit weird, I loved the universe it depicted. An essential read for those loving K. Dick
How do you feel about books whose authors you disagree with in some moral way? Would you refuse to read their books just because of this disagreement?  eg, if an author is very outspokenly homophobic (but not necessarily so in their writing), would you refuse to read their books?  Note: I'm not asking if you'd refuse to BUY their books, because not giving money to someone you disagree with is perfectly reasonable, I'm asking if you'd refuse to read them even if you got them for free.  I ask because I have come across people who say things like \"I refuse to read Lovecraft because he was a racist\ or \"I won't read Ender's Game because Orson Scott Card is a homophobe\", and it just strikes me as really bizarre. By reading Ender's Game I'm not condoning homophobia. By reading Lovecraft I'm not advocating for the stoning of foreigners. If anything, it makes the read more interesting, as it gives some insight into where ideas came from.",
As I disagree with liberalism and progressivism I hate every author on a moral level, but it doesn't stop me from reading their books. I'm surrounded by modernists every day, because it's pretty much everyone. I just tolerate them- in the original meaning of the word.  nothing one can do about that.  To be honest not reading a book because you disagree with them is extremely retarded. Like IQ80 and lower tier retarded.  Human brains are quite similar, there is a reason why someone is \"homophobic\" (what a soykafty word is that even?!) or otherwise doesn't share your humble opinion. By reading their books you might even understand why, and if not they didn't infuse their ideals to it anyway.  Now if you have objectivism you'll find reading Ayn Rand cringeworthy, as she forces her philosophy into her books. If you don't get allergic reactions from reading opinions you don't like, you should be fine. That said most modernists get such reactions.  I tell myself that progressivism is just a fad.
I'm willing to read every story from great leaders or thinkers. I may disagree with them but it doesn't make them less interesting or 'great'. Many of them build the world we live in. To come back on your image, I never read Mein Kampf but I probably will and most likely will read pretty fast through it.    662  Hitler was both a brilliant and terrible human being. Disputable is if war is needed , it seems to be the most effective drive for economical and technological advance and has created the world as it is.      662  wouldn't be posting on-line without 'progressive' people   all modernists are liberal 
I dislike Ayn Rand because she's a poor writer
*hate objectivism
She actually wrote extremely good. She had a unique style and a very good way to describe scenes and the thoughts of her characters. It's the forced way she infuses her ideology into her writing that makes it a bit  well  forced.  Not everyone needs to like her style, of course. But it's quite unique and in its own way refined.
Can we take a moment to appreciate Terry Pratchett? I just read Feet of Clay and Hogfather and lol'd in public at times. Also those books were even sort of cyb-relevant.  +++SPOILER  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hex_%28Discworld%29  ENDSPOI +++ +++End of Cheese Error+++  
Terry Pratchett was a software engineer who used developing technology at the time (the internet) to become the most prolific british author in the world, loves videogames, uses his wealth and fame to support the sciences and political causes, and wrote some amazing satire. I think a moment of appreciation is pretty well deserved.    661  Do read going postal and making money, they have some strong allusions to technology and  hacking culture.
A new cyberpunk novel from William Gibson of Neuromancer fame has dropped, concerning singularities and other such things. Seems like a good read and I'll be picking up a copy in the next few days. What do Lainons think of Gibson's catalog and will they be doing the same?
halfway through neuromancer, and burning chrome was cool.
I'm looking forward to seeing him deal with the future again as opposed to the week-or-two-ago timeframe of the Blue Ant trilogy.
I'm not sure about his new books, but consider reading the rest of the sprawl trilogy if liked neuromancer, it's almost just as good imo
I just finished this, pretty good.
Anyone here going to assign themselves a reading challenge or target for next year? In particular, 1 book a week (or 52 a year) seems quite common.  I don't have a target number of books as such, I just try to significantly reduce the size of my to-read list every year, which is more of a challenge on how quickly I buy books than how I read them.
I like the idea, I might do it if other lainons do it too. I need to read more anyway.
Not really. If I have time, I will read. If I don't, then I most likely won't.  I want to start reading more, though. I started reading the Harry Potter books for the first time ever on Monday, and am almost done with the third one now (I read slowly and leisurely when I am reading for pleasure).  I want to read more next year, though. Just like    627 
This year, I've been reading a lot more than years previous, and I plan on seeing if I can read even more the next year. The only thing I shoot for is 1 book per week, which is a lot lower than what I wind up reading but I think I'm making progress. If I can keep it up then it would be ideal.
/lit/ is a bit quiet these days, I figured I'd make a thread about this series of books that I really liked.  They're a bit 'American' and definitely have a lot of patriotism behind them, at least in the first trilogy but I usually hate that stuff and I loved the books.  There are three trilogies, each one focusing on a different period in the future United States Marine Corps.  Heritage Trilogy is around 2030-2050 Legacy Trilogy is 2300 I think Inheritance Trilogy is roughly the year 3000 if I remember correctly
/lit/erati, I want to know if I'm missing something. Stephen King's Dark Tower series. I read The Gunslinger and *hated* it, it was so dull, I just couldn't get into it, and it was a huge effort to finish it    but everyone I talk to who has read it seems to love it. People whose book interests overlap very significantly with mine. I even like Stephen King's other stuff. Is there something I'm missing? It just feels really odd that it seems to have such overwhelming good opinion behind it, and I just got nothing out of it.
I was reading a book today to myself out loud. I retained the information a lot better, but i couldn't sustain speaking for more than an hour so I ended up reading less.
Try recalling what you have just read after every page.
This OP. If you truly want to learn it, what you do is copy everything in the book into bullet points of 5-7 words. That may seem like a lot of work but think of it this way: if you ever have to re-read something because you had forgotten it, then the time you originally spent reading the material was completely wasted. Better to read a little and recall all than to read all and recall little.
I did this recently and had the opposite experience. I found myself listening to my own voice and focusing on where my skills as a public speaker needed polish instead of the actual content, whether I intended to or not. I have found though that stopping and writing important passages down works wonderfully. It will help you remember not only what you wrote but the larger context you found it in.
write your thoughts in the book as you're reading it, it works for me
see i read out loud but purposefully don't try to make sure its all perfect. after a while it gets to the point where i start mumbling. then you have to stop and reset.
Do any of my Lits here write for their own enjoyment? That is to say, do you write stories, poetry, comics or anything else for your own sake and not because you have to for the sake of school or university?   I'm currently inspired by the photo attached and have a piece based of the same universe it might be from though I changed the bolt action rifles to muskets.  (Moved here as suggested by anon. Sorry for the inconvenience.)
That would be good if you did that
I just finished the first action scene in my story which climaxed in a brutal bayonet charge and a realistic depiction of the time and effort to kill someone rather than incapacitate them
Do you have very much of the story done, yet? If you ever want a proofreader, just ask! :D
I have three and a half chapters, I'm just leading up to the first set piece battle between two half medieval half napoleonic nations and the armies have been deployed against each other.    https://docs.google.com/document/d/10I9pSMGCt-FIKAGsdeQuMWdFvUzgY1DGT9vCt3Eeirc/edit?usp=sharing   That's the google doc link.  You should be able to comment on it assuming I have set it up right. I would love if you guys would give me feed back!
posted on another thread too.. the Epub is way better in quality QR code scanning actually works on them! and they work great with Calibre  if you like reading check out Calibre
Is /lit/ manga friendly?  What manga are you reading /lit/? Got any good places to get manga or good scanslation groups?  Putting this on /lit/ and not /w/ so places to get manga, scanslation groups, and sharing are more of a focus
Cyberpunk manga? Hard scifi? Other really thought provoking technology related manga?  inb4 GiTS, Akira and Planetes.
Just finished The Legend of the Strongest Man Kurosawa and holy soykaf man, it managed to get a special place inside my weak little heart.
You could star on Knighs Of Sidonia. The same guy who did Blame!. Gunnm and its derivatives, such as Ashen Victor.
I love it, one of my top three favorite manga.
I really like the scale of it, tens of thousands of kilometres and hundreds of years. That and the sense of decay, massive structures lying abandoned and slowing coming apart.
Favorite Poem thread  I was angry with my friend: I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. And I watered it in fears, Night and morning with my tears; And I sunnèd it with smiles, And with soft deceitful wiles.  And it grew both day and night, Till it bore an apple bright; And my foe beheld it shine, And he knew that it was mine,  And into my garden stole When the night had veiled the pole: In the morning glad I see My foe outstretched beneath the tree.
Because I could not stop for Death—  He kindly stopped for me—  The Carriage held but just Ourselves—  And Immortality.   We slowly drove—He knew no haste,  And I had put away  My labor and my leisure too,  For His Civility—   We passed the School, where Children strove  At recess—in the ring—  We passed the Fields of Gazing Grain—  We passed the Setting Sun—   Or rather—He passed Us—  The Dews drew quivering and chill—  For only Gossamer, my Gown—  My Tippet—only Tulle—   We paused before a House that seemed  A Swelling of the Ground—  The Roof was scarcely visible—  The Cornice—in the Ground—   Since then—'tis centuries— and yet  Feels shorter than the Day  I first surmised the Horses' Heads  Were toward Eternity—
Demain, dès l’aube, à l’heure où blanchit la campagne,  Je partirai. Vois-tu, je sais que tu m’attends.  J’irai par la forêt, j’irai par la montagne.  Je ne puis demeurer loin de toi plus longtemps.   Je marcherai les yeux fixés sur mes pensées,  Sans rien voir au dehors, sans entendre aucun bruit,  Seul, inconnu, le dos courbé, les mains croisées,  Triste, et le jour pour moi sera comme la nuit.   Je ne regarderai ni l’or du soir qui tombe,  Ni les voiles au loin descendant vers Harfleur,  Et quand j’arriverai, je mettrai sur ta tombe  Un bouquet de houx vert et de bruyère en fleur.
I can't pick out a favorite, honestly. I really like Invictus, \"Do not go gentle into that good night\ and \"I will put Chaos into fourteen lines\".    574  yes",
Heaven- I do not want    I want to work    And for me    Work is a pleasure    And for me    Life is a joy    And here there is    Creation and by    Creating something    I get my perfection     Do you know?    I do not want to work    I want to love work    And in love there is work    I love my work    And what is my work    My work is only love    Love is life    Love is pleasure    And there is    My work and this is    Not in heaven   Written by some random glitterboy on the internet, I came across it accidentally in a high school english class, 'cos we had to search the net for random poems.
Mirrorshades: The Cyberpunk Anthology Anybody know where it one can get this book? I cant find an epub/pdf anywhere. Cyberpunk book general?
books showcasing a vision of a future that never arrived
Never arrived or just late? Still time for corporations to take over the world and technology to full up our lives even more. Or for a socialist/anarchist revolution to take us to happiness and stupidity (News from nowhere).
Still time for corporations to take over the world   They already are. Kickbacks to other suppliers to use only their chips (intel), putting money into the pockets of politicians so the politicians enact laws, write bills that favour those companies and unions (keeping Tesla from selling directly to the public in the US)   The cyberpunk world is already quite firmly here. It's just not aesthetically similar to depictions in fiction, which should be taken with a pinch of salt anyway, since they are works of fiction.
I'll wait until google hires mercenaries to raid apples labs to call it, nations still hold a monopoly on violence (in the developed world).
That is not really true, look into Blackwater worldwide.  It's officially a security firm but in reality it's more like mercenaries.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Academi   Changed names it seemed.  Oooh your country stopped war with some middle eastern country or they just hired Blackwater to take over so they could pretend like it's all good.   Why don't you look into the \"security\" firms Shell and other oil companies hired to protect pipes and places in Africa. Down right private armies.  Frankly there are a lot of scary corporations that are so far into the governments that it's hard to tell where they end and the government begin.
I'm going to start uploading books of possible lainon interest to this thread.
For /drg/ people:   https://www.dropbox.com/s/mlxuqdhymylf3r4/%5BBrian_E._Leonard%5D_Fundamentals_of_Psychopharmacology.pdf?dl=0   I also have an Uncle Fester stimulant synthesis book on my phone, which I'll up later if there's a big enough /drg/ constituent here.
drg books are nice, even if most of the synthesis books aimed at the layman are quite out of date.
Another /drg/ pdf, this one is about DMT. Linked because it is too big for lainchan.  https://pdf.yt/d/cygKF2hR62PvTfSw 
The Little Schemer  I really love the style of this book.
The Seasoned Schemer
I read most of his books when I was a kid and I'm re-reading them now, they're still great! Dumping the EPUBs now.
Mallorean Book Five: Seeress of Kell

I can upload the Tamuli and the Elenium as well if you want
I like the one that comes with calibre. FBreader is good as well. There's also an extension for Firefox that reads epub.
Okular. It's the best by far.
So I'm spending Christmas alone this year and a cheap solution for getting into spirit is reading a book about Christmas.  I'm looking for something positive to make me happy. A Christmas Carroll seem like a good book for the occasion but I'd like some other peoples opinions on it and other books.  So Christmas book ideas.
There isn't anything positive about Christmas anon It's just a pagan holiday for drinking and fucking. How do I know? Because statistics show that there is rise of born babies in July/June. People don't care how Christ isn't born on Christmas, they don't care about fucking dumb rituals of decorating their house, they don't care about anything but fucking/drinking/\"bonding\" with their families They are all animals anon, when you understand you can stop feeling sad because you aren't part of their group. Rise above anon, focus on hacking.
dumping kali books  http://wikisend.com/download/105122/Kali  tutorial.rar
http://piratepad.net/9lXWfBgQEE   We'll see how it goes!
\"lain please ban me.png\"  HA! The truth will out. Nice try, kid!
Anyone here wanna recommend me a book that is like Cosmo Hill?
What publishers should I choose if I don't want anything censored. I usually go with Penguin Classics because they are cheap and usually pretty good.  But I was thinking of buying something buy Mark Twain and I don't want the censored version. So what publisher is a good choice, someone who doesn’t at first sign of trouble.
Right then, /lit/. You're a dead board, so I'm going to liven you up with something *very* relevant to lainchan's interests.
What if Arius made lain?
she tried to make her father in the game, but dunno if father can count as a friend
Anyone got a download link for the whole thing?
You're only have done friend. Please finish?
half*  what in the fuck is with my spelling, holy shit.
Just finished reading Year Zero, what are some other good books similar or slightly relevant that I should read.
hitchhikers guide to the galaxy lel
Irvine Welsh - Trainspotting:  http://youtu.be/tzWPj6X081o 
:)
(:
useless, sadly: i cant listen to that audiobook while doing other things because parsing dat irish (or something) accent uses too many of my brain cells
Scottish
postan one of the squares on my bookshelf.
thank you, will read.
It seems hard to find anything on it, I tried startpaging it but no luck, who's the author?  But I suppose if I got nothing from 'Neon Tough novel Tony', I won't get must further with the last name 


Posting my thoughts on each short story as I read it. Feel free to chime in.
I figured I'd jump in on this Gibson thread; not to derail, but has anyone read any other Gibson besides Sprawl and Chrome?  I'm reading Spook Country right now, and I think the idea of locational art and the wearable viewer is interesting and a real possibility with all the emerging VR and Google Glass types of tech coming out in the next few years.  I'm only about 120 pages in so far, but I'm anticipating that eventually the technology being introduced is going to end up being used to fuck with people in another hundred pages or so.  Also, this line:    \"Would she like to join the wireless network 72fofh00av?  She would and did wondering why an agoraphobic isolationist techie like Bobby wouldn't bother to WEP his wifi\"     WEP 
A little off the cyberpunk track but I read The Difference Engine a while ago, it was definitely interesting.
thanks for this thread, i'll have a look at some gibson stuff and may contribute
I've read all his novels except Vritual Light, which I just haven't gotten around to for whatever reason, and The Difference Engine, which I started and didn't finish.  I would have to say the Pattern Recognition is my favourite, followed by All Tomorrow's Parties.
i tried listening to Pattern Recognition as an audiobook: very bad idea, was way too fast and i didn’t catch shit, not sure i liked it either
just leaving this here for myself.
magnet:?xt=urn:btih:191bd1f7597d7c3f1c9925c464b3c6443d4810f0 dn=William+Gibson+-+Neuromancer+-+High+Quality+MP3 tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.openbittorrent.com%3A80 tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.publicbt.com%3A80 tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.istole.it%3A6969 tr=udp%3A%2F%2Fopen.demonii.com%3A1337
