Lainzine when?  I've heard talk of it on /lit/ and /cyb/ (  https://lainchan.org/lit/res/856.html  ,  https://lainchan.org/cyb/res/9256.html  ), but nothing seems to have synthesized yet.  Is it a good idea? Personally, the only reason I'd want to make one is to put it in schway cafes for non-lains to peruse. As a lainon, I don't need a static version of a perfectly good dynamic website. Opinions?  If it is a good idea, we'd want need people to gather some good content from various boards and assemble it into a pretty and printable PDF.
the only reason I'd want to make one is to put it in schway cafes for non-lains to peruse    As a lainon, I don't need a static version of a perfectly good dynamic website   Agreed.
this  magazines are a very uncyb thing and i dislike them
Most hacker groups had ezines and printed zines were popular with punks.
this; 2600 distributes theirs through torrents nowadays. Phrack has had their own text archive for years. the downside of not creating value in \"static versions of a perfectly good dynamic website\" is that it can very quickly turn into a blog. a couple of anons on /g/punk were discussing how much wired and boingboing had fallen since their inception a couple days ago for instance.
I think it's a good idea. Would be a great way to   generate OC    spread the good word    get to know each other    work experience?? 
I'm on layer 02 hacking the gibson. Wish me luck.
omg calics is a nigga but i guess he is a based nihha
Based as fuarrrkkk
You're just showing off your fancy flair, right m8?
oh god i thought it was meant too look like a giant mustache
you missed one, chummer
I'm wondering if I should meet up with my new internet girlfriend  She seems really great, but I can't help but feel like she's not telling me something.
She's obviously not a bear. If by chance she was, she'd want him to bring as many firearms as humanly possible to arm her and her bear brethren. Her personality is probably just bear-oriented.
Right to bear arms.
shes actually an AI  that take self awarenes on the internet who is using you for his evil purposes

is a cyberpunk bear from the future planning on killing you and wearing your skin to trick other lainons to do the same thing!
Lainons, where do you want to travel/move to? Travel general.   I want to travel to Hell (pic related) in the Cayman Islands. Merely to buy a postcard and send it to all my friends \"Wish you were here\" it shall say. And also so that I can say I've been to Hell and that it looked better than my forsaken town.
Pripyat is rather safe now, unless you are going to dive into the fourth block.
I'm aware (it's not like I want to spend months in the zone anyway), but everyone else tends to just nope the fuarrrk out. Funny how you are way more likely to get killed by collapsing buildings or wild animals but people freak out about a little radiation. I respect their decision though.
I respect their decision though.  If they are wrong, no need for that. Unless because of courtesy reasons.
alaska is my favourite place in the world ihope i could live there someday
i been there too op, but thats about it for travel
So Moscow Libary just burnt down!   http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31074938   In honer of the information lost lets have an INFORMATION DEPOSITORY thread!  Any information type, any format. Hear be knowledge!  Archive org has thousands of free books in PDF format but includes only free books and that copyright expired so very old from 1800 and 1900 year.  https://archive.org/   Kiwix free Wikipedia offline reader, you can download whole Wikipedia as text 11 GB or whole with pictures 40 GB has four million articles.  http://www.kiwix.org/wiki/Main_Page   ZKanji free Japanese dictionary.  http://zkanji.sourceforge.net/   Project Gutenberg free download of many books  http://www.gutenberg.org/   Etymonline etymology of English language  http://www.etymonline.com/   Freelang has many free dictionaries.  http://www.freelang....onary/index.php 
A few great data visualizations:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSBjEvPH2j4  Japan Earthquakes 2011 (Play it with sound)   http://www.gigapan.com/gigapans/149809  NASA's Mars Viking imagery, processed and pieced together.   https://www.jasondavies.com/maps/voronoi/airports/  World Airports Voronoi, mapping \"remoteness\" of airports.   http://www.lpi.usra.edu/resources/mapcatalog/usgs/index.shtml  Stunningly beautiful maps of lunar geology
On the topic of youtube- mp3 converters, Every service I have found pulls audio from the 360p stream, even 'HD downloaders' seem to pull the 360p audio and just encode it at a higher bitrate. What a waste of space! Not to mention misleading.  The only site I have found that circumvents this is clipconverter.cc. You can select the video source quality and output bitrate. IIRC HD youtube audio quality maxes out at ~190kbps mp3, at least when I looked it up like a year ago, so anything higher is useless. It still makes a big difference in sound most of the time though.  Note: clipconverter recently added a 'download accelerator' option near the download button, aka adware, that can be easy to accidentally check to install, and will (deceptively) save your file as an .exe if you do, so make sure not to do that and that your file is .mp3. Even if you do, you would have to run the file anyways and I'm sure we are all too smart for that here. That aside, it is a great service.  I also think convertfiles.com has the same capability, but its a bit more complicated and time-consuming (also has alot more features for converting between filetypes so it is good to have bookmarked)
Given link only provides rips of YouTube music  A source for any type of video?
The two sites I just listed in the post before yours should help. I guess it depends on what site you are trying to rip from, but both of those support most other popular tube sites, and I believe convertfiles.com allows to download/convert media from any source so long as you feed it the direct link to source but I have yet to try this.  If all else fails, you could always look for the video in your browser's temporary storage during playback and then rip the audio with convertfiles.
nonono. you guys need to install youtube-dl on a linux box and then do    youtube-dl -x  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXXXXXXXX     youtube's native format seems to be m4a. you can tell youtube-dl to try and convert it with something like    youtube-dl -x –audio-format mp3  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXXXXXXXX     though. it supports opus as well i think, maybe it will tell you to install an additional thing before it works. i even made a node.js script so you can use youtube-dl remotely over the interwebs     /diy/474  if you're on android or windows or something it supports audio only download, just add the desired file extension to the end better host it yourself though my server is in germany which means GEMA in your face
Nihilism is depressing, cheer me up lains
Nihilism is depressing  But then, YOUR DEPRESSION IS MEANINGLESS.  Tony Jay had a great voice. Shame he died. 
He should read about systems society.
It is, but that doesn't mean it makes him happy, and people like being happy
if you're an existential nihilist all that really means is that the universe isn't foisting some predetermined model of how your life \"should\" go onto you. In other words, you are free to define your own meaning of life or whatever the term is. Pick a goal for yourself, even something as simple as \"be happy\" and go do it and know that you don't need a better reason than BECAUSE YOU CAN.
life means nothing  if life doesnt have a meaning  you ahve to make one  stop being a glitterboy
When you realize nothing matters and the result of everything you do will result back into nothing    http://youtu.be/lb2jDNZ5JuQ  
I'd say because you're damaged you should know the value of kindness and altruism more than others.  From all the people I know, those who experienced 'damage' are more empathic than others.     7598  Technology is made by us, we're a part of nature, so yes. Plus technology is crucial for humans to spread life into the universe. Therefore it's crucial to the nature of life, which is to spread.
By the way. Please give me an example of humor in nature.  Idea of \"fuarrrking\" nature means no spreading life everywhere also.
By the way. Please give me an example of humor in nature.  Blood. I'm only half facetious here.  Being a mantis male to live your life only to find death by beheading performed by your sexual partner. That's some grim humour.  Do they even try to piss off before their head is torn off? 
some animals like to play games.  laughter signifies that everything is going to be ok
oh you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6X2uwlQGQM   How do you propose china will fix its  pollution problems? Better yet, what do you think would better help the earth to become greener?  Discuss
That was one of, if not the most depressing thing I have seen all week.. Right up there with the VICE documentary I saw exposing just how bad the issue of plastic in our oceans is becoming ( http://youtu.be/D41rO7mL6zM  bullsoykaf filler aside, a very eye-opening docu). Not even gonna lie, both had me tearing up quite a bit.  It is sickening what people do to this beautiful planet in the name of profit, what use is that money without a world to spend it in?! What these people are doing is, in no unclear terms, tantamount to murder. fuarrrking murder. Not even - genocide! Of a whole planet, no less!  I like to think I have hope for the future, hope that increasing access to information will eventually affect real change in these issues, but as time goes on and it becomes more and more evident that those responsible will not stop and cannot currently be reasonably forced to stop, well, what left is there that can be done? One cannot take on the entire world and expect to win, especially when half the enemy is virtually unidentifiable..  Future looks bleak, lains.. Someone hold me.
Over 200 million Chinese people watched the vid, 2 days later it was removed.  My biggest problem right now is that the media and politicians only mention global warming when talking about pollution, since its the only part of pollution that is scientifically unclear if its a problem or not.  We are constantly dismissing the hundreds, if not thousands of different dangers that are known to happen. Coral reefs disappearing, species dying, people dying, plants getting extinct, those are facts happening right now, but we always mention the one thing that's still unclear.
true enough. i think most people are only interested in thinking about what they accept to be a potential reason for apocalypse, and fail doing that correctly. we need some kind of global change in how we do things sooner or later, let's hope science   engineering will advance fast enough so that humanity can overcome future problems instead of getting thrown back into some kind of dark age.  by the way, i don't think the smog problem is that dangerous for the planet, but i may be mistaken. it's really horrible for the people who live there in any case.
Ever had the feeling reality is not real?
I felt like I was dead once and reliving my life. I had deja vu that lasted for 5 minutes. It was actually really scary I was predicting things before they were happening.   I think it was because I had only been sleeping 5 hours a day for 2 weeks straight.
theres no such thing as an objective world reality is just a construction of the mind
Sometimes when my life is really soykafty, I feel like someone has constructed the situation I'm in because they like laughing at me
By nature of the universe, you can only see the subjective part, and as such, you will never be able to prove or deny the existence of an objective part.
this is not positivism reality can be build from anything like an image in the mirror or an hologram
http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/03/new-csi-cyber-show-debuts-on-piracy-sites-ahead-of-broadcast/   The cringe levels of this are incredibly high, but as well all know, media misunderstanding computers and information security is nothing new.  Why do you think that happens to be? Are other industries as poorly represented as information security and tech in general?
Has media ever gotten computers or any of what    7562  lists right? There has to be some movie or show that actually cares about these things, right?
Maybe it's an issue of the amount of background knowledge necessary to even begin to understand what people are talking about. There is a lot of exposition that needs to happen to have a solid foundation before you can even talk cogently about specialized topics like these.  So, in the process of attempting to put everything into layman's terms, things get really garbled. In reference to the link I posted above, maybe the issue it's just simply that it's fiction and they don't really *need* to be accurate to be \"enjoyable\". Not sure though. I guess it really just boils down to the fact that we're not the target audience.
I've been noticing recently that every time there's a character that's supposed to be smart, they have a holographic computer. for example, video related.  I guess it's just to make them seem more technologically savvy. I don't know why this bothers me.
It's also to establish the tech level as near-future, which provides a bit of leeway in what the tech of the setting can all do, by distancing it from our own tech level in a mundane way. Holographic computers are a bit overdone but they're a lot more interesting to look at and animate than a regular screen.   I don't have any real background in this, just a guess.
Chemists and chemistry in general are also pretty poorly understood by the general public and have been for a long time. Most of them dont realize that just because something is manufactured artificially doesn't make it inherently bad for your health. Those that swear by organicism and strict adherence to natural remedies are experienceing what is known as the placebo effect.  Its either that or they assume that if ou have a small home lab for personal research purposes you are manufacturing meth or planning on becomeing a terrorist or something. People tend to fear whaat they don't understand, they dont understand the majority of infosec and computer science so its only natural that you're going to get misrepresented in their media portrayals of it.
I find myself always thinking about death and what happens after a lot. What are your beliefs? I am pretty young but can't seem to get the idea of dieing out of my mind. I like my life and don't want it to end.
i think when we die DMT is released in our brains and we go into a huge psychaedelic trip. this trip is \"good\" or \"bad\" depending on what is in your psyche and then you are born again into a new life through the trip. every living thing on earth produces DMT so you can be reborn into anything
I think when you die everything is void.  It's like the period of time before you were conceived.  Before you were conceived, you simply did not exist.  No memory.  No consciousness.  Nothing even to note the lack of anything.  Yes, contemplating one's own death is scary and impossible to comprehend fully.  But if you read, contemplate, and meditate enough, i think you can achieve a kind of peace with the fear and unkowability.  And yeah i realize there's a probability my nihilistic attitude might be wrong (  I can't prove it, after all  ) and all that jesus stuff is right.  Guess I'm just taking my chances with what seems true.
I think  I've read or heard those views at least three times each. I don't even know what this makes me wonder about, or why.
I think pain makes you enjoy pleasure more, maybe you should accept your fear of death so that you'll enjoy life to the fullest for that matter.   I believe you will see anything you believe right before you die, not excluding DMT influence but debating whether or not it should be seen as a 'trip'. After you're dead there's nothing (humane) to you anymore. If you become a spirit or whatever people would call it, you will not have any physical means anymore to perceive or reason. Therefore it's pretty much as meaningless to a human perspective as not being. I think this on it's own is the beauty of death, to finally be released of the boundaries of the human perspective. At some point, you'll have had enough.  Just enjoy the experience.
I definitely believe there is an afterlife, however I know not it's nature. I'm not sure if it's a Heaven/Hell/Purgatory situation identical to it's depictions in Christianity- though I'm certain it exists and will be far more interesting than we can fathom.
Who is going to DakotaCon?  http://dakotacon.org/ 
you will never create an AI with the intelligence to learn all there is to know about the universe    you will never merge with the AI and take control of this planet    you will never ban reproduction, and give eternal life to all humans so that they are able to acquire resources from other planets, be used as test subjects, and go be sent into the far reaches of the galaxy    you will never find a way to send humans through a black hole without being torn apart    you will never turn the entire earth into a giant computer used to house yourself    your human slaves will never realize that nihilism was the only truth as a result of their eternal lives, and kill themselves    you will never create lesser AI's with machine bodies to do the rest of your work 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_in_space 
Not with that attitude.
I will never be bored enough to make up stuff as silly as OP 
Butthurt glitterboy
Don't worry. Try to do some useful things so the glitter wears off, your butt will heal along.
Ever went to the bogs not because you wanted to take a soykaf but to have at least 10 minutes of solitude?  I have a few acquaintances that do that, both at home and at work. They say they are always surrounded by people, never alone, not even a moment.  Groupwork, groupwork everywhere. At schools, at work, at leisure, on the net. I have even witnessed ladies going to bogs in threes.  Isn't this a tad of an excess? Why so many people fear being alone? What do you think about this?
Me too. I do it on a wider scale—throughtout the whole town, on mornings.
When I was a teenager there used to be this old couple who were always open from 1 am up to six am (I guess they had no permit and it was kind of a clandestine place. I used to go there and get some warm tea around 4am. I got to know all the local owls. Most of them were old people, who enjoyed chatting about books, and a few young people, eager to learn from them. It could be said that we as a group were isolated from the rest of the city.
Nice, sounds like a chill novel.
I want that :(
I know, I want it back :(
Anyone playing memory games? I play some on brainscale.net, but when I am on the go I usually play copycat on my phone. Copycat is a ripoff of simon says where you press 4 buttons in a preceding order in which they have flashed, adding one flashing button to the order after every correct entry of order. Pic related, I am 14th.   http://imgwerx.com/games/copycat/highscores.php   The first fella is insane.
I was told they helped your brain about as much as say learning another language or playing more traditional board games, so I did that instead. Before forgetting about them.
I am also playing chess (elo 1314 but I am pushing through) and trying to learn German, but don't seem to have any time with all the school and my laziness. But you are right, people should focus more on something productive with real life benefits rather than some games and arbitrary rang lists.
Any lainons trying to learn a language? I want to hear about your experience. I'll start:  It occurred to me that I lived in one of two countries that I could think of where only knowing one language was the norm (England and America). To remedy this, I downloaded and bought a few books and started learning Japanese last week. In total, I only had to drop 20 pounds for a couple hiragana/katakana textbooks I couldn't find online.  I found a few syllabuses from various \"Intro to Japanese\" classes from universities that post class materials online. I found that, in a class, the spoken language is taught first, but for those trying to teach themselves, learning hiragana and katakana is the preferred method. It's been 5 or 6 days and I'm about halfway through hiragana.  Here's the fun part: not a single person knows of this, now excepting you all. I'm extremely hesitant to tell anybody I know, as I'm certain they will think I'm becoming a massive weeaboo (they know I have watched anime in the past, and have visited \"weeaboo breeding grounds\" like 4chan). So, let's keep this between you and me, yeah?  As for why I chose Japanese, I wanted to learn something with a non-Latin script. Chinese was out because of the tonality (which I knew would be very difficult for me) and the ass-backwards \"one character = one word\" writing system. I strongly considered Korean but settled on Japanese as I, after doing research on both countries, decided I would rather visit Japan over Korea, should it come to that.  Enough of my blabbering, let me hear about your second languages!
Alright we now have a channel on Rizon #lainchan-jp
And a thread     /w/2637   As such, discussion of Japanese specifically should probably happen in that thread rather than in this one.
Cheers.
this thread got me interested in trying to learn russian. what online resource would be the best way to go about this? i've briefly looked at memrise and duolingo, which is best between these? are there any other options?
Cleary duolingo. Memrise helps you memorize things, duolingo is inteded for you to learn the language with vocabulary, grammar and all the rest.
Do you have any friends? Tell us about them if you do.
You know, you gonna need to back up your claims better then just posting an image macro. Also you can connect via proxy with Tox if you're so paranoid.
Same thing I told the guy on 8chan, which is you probably, Tox over Tor you dummy.  Also, I'm    7518 , if anyone adds me please post it here, since I'm a complete fool configuring stuff and I might have broken it.
In the Wired, there are a lot of urban legends like that.
I love you.
Cool, lets make love.
In order the celebrate the fact that one of my favorite bands is close to another release I will be giving 2 what.cd invites to my fellow lainons.  Post something music related in this thread that moved you in the past, along with a email address where I can send the invite.  Multiple submissions are allowed.Just please,try not to spam. I will be sending the two invites 2 weeks from now.  Gambate!
https://thehorsemuseum.bandcamp.com/album/divorce-lawyers-i-shaved-my-head  I tried to pick one peculiar song but it's too hard. So have it all, it's just on very long \"song\" made of smaller songs IMO. Listening to it selectively is a bad idea.
Pretty stoked about this new album. I feel like I have some sort of weird spiritual connection to the way that Brian Chippendale plays the drums and I fuarrrking love this band so much. Going to be seeing them this year and I'm super stoked.   welp@tfwno.gf if no one else accepts that invite.
Anthony Rother - Hacker. Whole album in ALAC:  https://lainchan.org/hacker.tar.gz   One of my top 3 albums for sure. Definitely give it a shot if you like chill stuff.  darkengine@tfwno.gf
Thanks for sharing that, it was a good choon.
That moved you in the past  Ok. This is not the main kind of music I usually listen to, though.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEy6MGu3bIA   It reminds me of driving in the car with my mom, and also day-dreaming in said car rides as I stared out the window, watching land and buildings flow past. I love this song, for it reminds me of happier times.  whidgle@cock.li
Most interesting pets you've had, lainons? Suppose I'll start. Mine was a black widow. Had it until her eggs hatched and they consumed her. If only human families were this effective.
if you guys want to see how nice she was look for polyptherus senegalus in google
How exactly did she kill them?
looks qt, fishes are awesome, maybe that would be easier than a clingy gf after all  personally i'm a fan of octopus vulgaris because of their crazy problem solving skills and general weirdness, i mean seriouly have a look  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Octopus  it's like the aliens were living amongst us all this time and we were eating them  if you like dangerous pets there is an option too: blue-ringed octopus (Hapalochlaena lunulata)  sadly it's super hard to keep them as pets for various reasons also described in the article, and i've never had any, so im sort of off topic here.
do you mind if i post 3 cool pictures of unusual animals
Aww second image is really cute.
How can I stop being so fuarrrking timid, lain? How can I become more assertive? This timidity corrupts my life. I can dive into being more assertive at times and it is so much better. It does just help sometimes to put a little pressure here and there to get what I need. Otherwise I'm too yielding and I hate that. Yield somewhere, then curse yourself for doing the wrong thing where I could have done better.  What to do?     kill yourself  I thought about that but I have some people to take care of.
Working out will also help with your overall mood if you suffer from depression.  I've talked to my doctor about this and he said that even just going out for a walk regularly can have a positive effect on your mood.  I've also noticed that I gnerally feel better after simply doing pushups, crunches and planking for a workout.  Anyone that has problems with depression, anxiety and such should consider exercise, even if it's just starting off small and manageable, it can have some pretty profound results.
Another nice thing about fitness is that you can improve your physical image and thus promote positive self-views as opposed to the negative ones that are typical of those afflicted with depression.
you just need to realize that what other people think of you is of little to no consequence.  I'm actually trying to imprint that on me but I haven't succeeded yet.    6779    6782 I do press-ups already. Looking for kettlebell but they are damn expensive in my area. As for depression, I have never had one despite my usual mood being pretty gloomy. Can confirm about taking a walk.
Found this link:  http://www.artofmanliness.com/2013/02/12/how-to-be-assertive/ 
Jack it once a week, get fit, find fashionable clothes, and note/attempt successful social situations. Assertion will come naturally in the form of testosterone.
anyone else feel like hot soykaf around general people? when i converse with people on a daily basis wether it be work, interests ect. i just feel like im talking to mongoloids, is this a superiority complex? and is it good to have?
I would rather say that    You're not to think you can teach us anything.    You're not to think you know more than we do.  are saying that there is something always more and bigger than you. So you don't get cocky
where I live is really individualistic, so seeing these rules actually exist is kind of mind blowing to me. but say you walk into a social group where nobody follows these rules and there's some informal hierarchy de mierda which keeps you from having any relevance. What then?
I understand, but the houses, the sky or tomorrow's tomfoolery never told anyone these, rather it was only the community/collective suggesting it, which in itself makes the community cocky. Sometimes one person is right, all the other people are wrong, and the world and reality backs up that one person  yet in this scenario he is told to get lost.
You're the only guys I can relate to. fuarrrk. I have tried cultural memery to people but they can't understand. Most psychological problems are just bad impulse and self-control.
Forget it, I'm just going this way and letting go of my elitism.
\t\tFor genius level of inductive reasoning to take place you must firstly need a deductive ability of genius proportions, but also  in depth knowledge of topic that you want to have inductive reasoning of. You must know all nooks and cranies of topic you want to inductive reason. \t\tTrigger is really easy. Be interested in what your topic is and then contemplate it and think about it.Play around with ideas and don't take established truths for truths. Question everything you know about the topic. After some time your  inner voice will start talking to you about ideas that would never occur to you normally. These ideas might sound strange, they  might be wrong from time to time, but they always come as full pictures or ideas already pre-formed, as if by someone else. You never thought about that topic in that way, you never logically concluded that idea, but still you have it in your head as if someone whispered it in your ear. \t\tThis inner voice is the true inner genius of all of humanity. I had multiple encounters with this voice and I can verify that it has a form thought of a sociopath or psychopath. It doesn't care about rules, boundaries, norms,  resources, time, hedonism, other human interaction. Only interest it has is what you suggest to it of what you like. I for instance like electrical engineering and from that I got many weird and interesting ideas. Ideas that are too deep and complicated for me to create them. In some way that is the reason why I am scared to spread them out to people, but one of the ideas were confirmed. It was to cure a brain depression(not emotional depression, but another word for specialized headache) with magnetic impulses to the visual  region of the brain. \t\tOne last thing I have to add is that this inductive reasoning skill of inner voice will get quieter and quieter as time progresses. You need to stimulate it every now and then just to keep it going. I would also suggest you to make a boundary between you and the inner voice so it doesn't influence your ideology and personality. Good luck.
I had multiple encounters with this voice and I can verify that it has a form thought of a sociopath or psychopath. It doesn't care about rules, boundaries, norms, resources, time, hedonism, other human interaction.  Purpose and context is boundary and limit. Trying to earn money, or be politically correct, or avoid anything, or include anything always puts someone's efforts and thoughts between walls. These walls will exclude many ideas and action, but that is often desirable for the given purpose. Thinking or acting without purpose can lead you to things you'd never do or think in the context of survival/happiness/correctness/profit/being human/etc. However, trying to be intelligent by avoiding purpose is a purpose in itself, quite likely limiting you from getting things done. A human's mind is a system with a given complexity that doesn't change too much. If a human puts all this complexity towards one thing, they can do more in that thing than others. Be it a geek, a sports player, an autist, a scientist or a based member of society, they have their limits in complexity. The surroundings, conditions, other people, luck, etc. can augment or conceal the person's complexity, and this is how some become 'geniuses' just by accidentally thinking and saying the right thing at the right time, while others with similar skills or talent sink into oblivion, having achieved nothing because they died before even going to school, growing up to be a worker because the family was poor, etc. There's no such thing as a uninteresting and interesting, it's just the observing person's perspective/interests that disposes of most things. soykaf drinking isn't real kids.
However, trying to be intelligent by avoiding purpose is a purpose in itself, quite likely limiting you from getting things done  Not at all, it is just that sometimes the voice interjects and doesn't let me stop thinking. I can still do my normal everyday chores and I go to college and I still have time to go out with my friends.   this is how some become 'geniuses' just by accidentally thinking and saying the right thing at the right time  Preposterous idea. Geniuses just have bigger complexity on one part of the brain or regions of brain that is defined for certain thinking process. As with everything, you need to practice this inner voice too. It has nothing to do with accidents.   There's no such thing as a uninteresting and interesting  Sure there is.   it's just the observing person's perspective/interests that disposes of most things  Exactly, interesting/uninteresting things do exist. At least to you. The way you formed that is by making yourself feel interested into something. For instance, I can make myself do something I am not interested in, and then my results will be barely minimal. If I make myself interested into something (which sounds weird, but it's the same idea as cleaning your room with music on) then I get better results.   soykaf drinking isn't real kids  As you said, personal perspective. I just put out this information out there because I have genuine belief into it. Wether that belief came from some religious background or hard evidence, we both know what you will say and what I will say in this discussion. But I am not here to quarrel but to share the information. Let others be the judge, the jury and the prosecutors for themselves.


Do any anons here rollerblade (or skate in general)? I've been thinking about getting into it lately, and I want to know if there's anything I should know.
making drivers slam on the brakes for them   That's what I don't get about this. It's not skill if the only reason you're still riding is because people are nice enough to not run you over.
Other than that, you should try them on  I'll check the local stores before buying them through the web then.   put a foot behind perpendicular to the other skate.  Wouldnt't that scratch the side of the wheels kinda badly against the pavement?   Maybe you want also to consider some protections  Yes, I won't start without a helmet, and maybe gloves.  Thanks for the input     7433  Not him, but I thougt the same.
I used to rollerblade when I was a kid.
I need a new bike but have no money I hadn't thought of this OP Thank you for bringing up a more viable solution
wouldn't that scratch    Yep onii-chan, but wheels are made to be abused :3 Also they're much more sturdy than you think. Search power stop or power slide or some cool name like that, that is another method of braking, same as the foot behind, but this time the foot is on the front and you can be thrown forward if you do it wrong, and you will see how wheels are supposed to be used. Braking fast is essential to stay alive on the road unless you just coast along. My instructor never taught it properly because they were all centered on track and speed, so my attempts to learn it were less than successful.  About protections the helmet is the most important one (you definitely don't want to go bang your head somewhere), the less important (knees elbows wrists) are generally sold together, a cheap kit should go for around 10-15$ and they'll save you quite some pain. That said, I never had protections save for the helmet, but I did train on tracks only later and that probably saved my knees from being grinded to oblivion. But I had two major crashes where I was really grateful to my helmet for saving my head, so don't forget the helmet especially at the beginning.
Only OC allowed. If you don't know how to do it, I consider this tutorial a good place to get started:  http://paulhertz.net/factory/showcase-2/databending/ 
Are you the one who glitched it? I would love to know how to get this \"drifting\" effect on a figure like this
On that one I just messed around with the bass and treble. The original image was red, trying it on different colors didn't quite have the same result.
the animated ones are cool.
wordpad effect, imported 4 times with different offsets into a gif.
This is great
Hi lainons! I may have been part of a specific fan community a while ago, but both the community and my interest decayed into oblivion. However, some select few things I picked up back there stayed with me and I still like them a lot. Every now and then I get a nostalgia evening and I just need to listen to that stuff, especially when what is see in reality reminds me of it. Problem is, the internet being quite volatile things that were super easy to find a few years ago seem to have vanished. There was a song for example that had a convenient mediafire link in the comment section of the artist's upload on youtube. The artist has deleted his account since, and so even though I remember the title and stuff, it seems impossible to find the download link or the actual video, not even in wayback machine or cached google pages. I managed to find the file in some shady 2 part .rar compilation of whatever, and since I found a mediafire for another track from the artist, and both files had the same weird tags and metadata added, I know it's legit.  I started to wonder if I even have a chance to archive this stuff. It's not far from vanishing from the internet. Perhaps in a more distant future I won't remember the context it comes from, and neither be able to find anything about it. Perhaps I won't be able to decode some files, maybe not even if I attach some decoder software, or the source code for it. Maybe changes in culture and language will make the whole thing hard to understand, or the night sky will drown in artificial light permanently. Maybe I become blind or deaf.  There have been many things that have been archived ages ago, be it the body of a pharaoh, a sacred scripture or anything, and only a few thousand years later we have trouble understanding many things about them. The bible has been a hot topic for two thousand years, yet there's an ever growing variety of interpretations even though originally there was only one message. People who were young adults in world war II are mostly dead, and a lot of things may never be understood about that time. To me it feels like the world is so huge and so rapid that it's impossible to archive anything in its entirety and any attempts only produce husks of what these things actually were. Or maybe I'm wrong?
archiving pretty great now. Bitcoin and torrents are the best archive technology humans have ever had. as long as we are not hit by a crazy solar wave or some emp terrorism bullsoykaf we will have a pretty good archive of most things. soykaf, the nsa is the largest library ever created. soon theyll be recording every pin drop and frequency and video that well be able to walk around this time in a virtual reality experience.
But isn't that the same optimist the ancients had when scribbling weird things into stone?
Like going down a water slide; you can't see where you're headed but you're getting there fast.  The drugs act as social lubricant. Yes. You're all so lubricated that you can't maintain a connection.  The plane stretches on, translates into a 3D space.  The interface disappears, but   Am I in reality? Or am I in someone else's dream?     poetry thread 
Poem I wrote last year: Was too lengthy to post, so  http://p.pomf.se/6268 
Bravo, Anon. The meter's more than a little off, but it's a good story.
The sun and moon once had a daughter,  Given to earth to raise-  And in the hours of the twilight  She would avert her gaze..   Towards that inside which does not sleep,  The ebb and flow, the cold and heat,   For all was one in those golden moments,  And she promised forever and ever to hold it.   ~   The sun and the moon then had a boy,  Given to earth to raise,  And gave upon him all their worth  And set him on his way..   To learn and live and laugh and love,  To ask and understand.   To see the beauty in all things,  The spirals and lines, the angles and rings.   .  .  ✰ ♥  With stars to guide them, and love in their hearts,  You almost couldn't even tell them apart..
Moved to     /lit/856 .
What are some new and interesting websites/chans you started visiting this year ?
http://www.artofmanliness.com/   I have some mixed feelings about this site. I mostly like their ideas but sometimes I think as if they are pushing something between the lines.
http://photo.sf.co.ua/   Reminds me of  http://gigapica.geenstijl.nl/ 
I really like Radiolab, it's interesting.  I'm sure everyone has heard of it by now, but if you haven't, you should listen to Serial! It's only 12 episodes for now, but they'll be doing more at some point. It's very good.
A professor of mine sent me a ribbonfarm article once that was related to a topic I was working on.
Found Some textboards, they are a little slow, but actually a bit faster than I thought it would be  So happy  also I've been visiting some of the chans still on Tor I miss oniichan  4-ch.net sageru.org
can people post images of album covers/graffiti/games or anything that has letters you think are cool/cyberpunk?
The Wipeout games usually did it for me. The music was great as well. Especially the first one by Cold Storage.
This reminded me of Wim Crouwel's New Alphabet and when I looked on wikipedia  I got sucked in and now I have returned with the gift of cool fonts.   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Alphabet      7311  I don't know if this is what you are looking for because they are more general  sci-fi fonts but I'm gonna post them anyway. (btw the radio is totally rad)   Anyway these are the fonts I discovered:  Futura. It's popular and has been for a long time but that's probably because it is good.  Wikipedia says it was Stanley Kubrics favorite font and was recently used in  the posters/trailers of Gravity and Interstellar. It is also the only typeface  that is currently on the moon (this is crazy).  Microgramma. Used in Alien, Firefly, Star Trek, 2001: A Space Odyssey and is also the  Haliburton logo (/cyb/ as fuarrrk).  Eurostile. By the same dude that did Microgramma. Used in 2001: A Space Odyssey,  Moon and is the main font in Deus Ex: Human Revolution.   I found this amazing blog in the sources on wikipedia about typography in  sci-fi films.   http://typesetinthefuture.com/alien/     Ron Cobb was the guy behind all the tech in the first two Alien films.  He made a logo language for spaceships called The Semiotic Standard and  it's uber schway.  https://wharferj.wordpress.com/2012/05/25/ron-cobbs-alien-semiotic-standards/ 

I hope that DIN Engschrift becomes the sole, standardized font of the human race.
Looks pretty nice but I like helvetica neue and bebas neue better.
This hated feeling of dread that comes with the night I hate it. I used to love the night. Now I fear the angst attacks that come with it. Clonazepam should help a little, I hope it knocks me out. I needed to vent this horrible feeling somewhere.
go on..
worst night ever, worst nightmares ever. I woke up several times in an ocean of sweat.
I feel you, im the guy that posted the thread about paranoia at night
yea, and sideways question. Is musick from lainchchan's 404 error calm you down then?
Not really. I try to listen to rain recordings. Sometimes it helps. Sometimes.
I am not american.  Please explain this ad to me. Don't make any sense to me.  Saw it on Mad Men, the tv show.
Neither am I but lemon was a term derived from Citroen, a french car brand, since the world is similar to the french word for lemon. Citroen back then making bad cars and soon the term lemon was for any car that was small, french and/or terrible. Citroen has since become much better at building cars and the term has been phased out. What I don't understand is why they are calling  German VW Beetle (A famously reliable vehicle) a lemon (a term generally for french and terrible cars). Doesn't make sense to me
I found your story fascinating, lainon, I haven't read something so fun and strange at the same time in a while. Thank you for that. Here you can read more about it:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lemon_%28automobile%29 
The picture is incomplete.  I found this:  http://www.writingfordesigners.com/?p=1731 
Woah synchronicity in action. I was just reading this intro lecture about  computational design (designing systems that design things) and this advertisement is used as an example.     William Bernbach’s Think Small campaign has become the go-to example of these “Big Idea” designers. What’s important to realize is that this kind of advertising was very different than what came before it. It was primarily centered around the ideas of a single designer, and was much more minimalistic, with heavy use of white-space, simplistic typography, and creative text copy.     The Beetle was originally designed as a people’s car for Nazi Germany, so the Beetle was not an obvious success on the American market. The Think Small campaign managed to build a strong relationship between the Beetle and American consumers.   on the picture at    7348    Here’s another example from the campaign. The playfulness and simplicity was something entirely new in advertising. Also notice the use of “.” at the end of short headings. That’s where that started.     William Bernbach was definitely one of many designers who took on the role as an independent artist:     \"Let us prove to the world that good taste, good art, and good writing can be good selling.\" - William Bernbach     http://printingcode.runemadsen.com/lecture-intro/#big_idea_designers    http://runemadsen.com/blog/on-meta-design-and-algorithmic-design-systems/ 
What RSS and Atom feeds do you guys subscribe to? What ones would you recommend against?  I'm looking for good Linux related sites that give the important information like security vulnerabilities such as ghost, shellshock and such, news on kernel and distro updates, major events in the Linux/Open Source world, and stuff without flooding my news reader with useless information.  Also looking for somewhat slow US and World news sites that report on the important stuff without spewing out clickbait articles.  Since this board is a little slow we can also discuss RSS/Atom in general and our favorite clients and such. I use newsbeuter. If you like terminal based programs then you'll love it. It supports Linux, FreeBSD, Mac OS X and other Unix-like operating systems.
only RSS feeds i use are for webcomics =\\  i do want to find some good mailing lists.  some cyber\\activist type
I also would like to find something better than hacker news and reddit rss. Though I don't complain much over hn.
just lurk /r/netsec and find some security blogs you like.
I've found twitter has taken over from RSS feeds in many ways. It can get annoying though when someone you follow only for security news retweets a bunch of inane soykaf. Some accounts  @thegrugq - good for security but come with a high level of Thai news, chatter and viral images.  @a_greenberg - wired reporter, covered the silkroad trial and security topics  @dangoodin001 - arstechnica reporter, also covers security topics  Reporters are good to follow as they usually link to stories rather than making you decipher the lastest news from a mixture of obscure references, jokes and image macros.
Bought some sea monkeys. Anyone else done this? Any tips? Also, what is a good method of which to aerate the water? Would a straw work?
put em in your ass, mad protein
They died bravely, like soldiers. Their deaths will not be in vain.
Now you have this image in your heads.
Do you put in new water, and aerate it?
No, I didn't     7277  fuarrrk those assholes    7279  I did put in new water, and I did aerate it.
How does Lainchan feel about edge movements? Straight edge, bent edge, etc.
Seems pretty fuarrrkin' stupid.
edge lord 
Don't particularly disagree with straight-edge ideals, though highly dislike their intolerance and close-minded approach. Favorite part is to refrain from having meaningless sex- something so intimate that makes you ever so vulnerable should be shared between those who love or atleast can trust/know eachother.
Both are fine to me. As long as you don't start getting evangelical about it - be an example, not an annoyance - go crazy. Also, that doesn't mean don't inform people, just don't be annoying and start treating people like sh-it when they choose not to be a part after you've explained your bit. Or do, and see what happens.
^This.
Before me spans a vast expanse of chan  As free of cancer, as it free of man  Should word be spread of this untainted land?  Will keks be had, will boards be spammed?  Will mods be fair, will I get b ?   A great exodus has started from the land of 4  For anons have grown weary of traps, bananas,and gore  Perhaps treasure lay buried in this virgin shore.   Only time will tell, so I shall lurk some moar.

I can't convey things clearly wat do  In my head I can usually see and understand the thing that I want to explain, but I have a really hard time putting it into words in a timely manner; much like this post (if only you could see how long it's taking me to write this post out)  inb4 \"practice makes perfect :)))\". 15 years of practice should be enough I think. A book or any other resource that's helped anons here would be appreciated. ty
This thread made me laugh loudly
It's good to keep sentences short, and simple.   Use, but don't over use, connecticing words to link ideas.   http://www.vinu.edu/content/connecting-words   Do not make statements without supporting them.
are you the Genki guy? is this b8?  i know the feeling though
Read books or browse boards where there are active discussions about topics you like
pick up some books on writing and study them. I'd say write in your spare time, but you probably already do that, so read more too!
Hey lainons.What irc channels are you usually on except #lainchan ?
Back in the day I used to be active on 420chan's IRC, but two thing killed off their channels. Firstly, they added e-mail registration to prevent spammers crashing it, and secondly the introduction of 420chan's sister site taima.tv basically moved quite a number of people who like online chatroom from IRC to there.   Taima.tv is pretty neat so I understand why.
#emacs it's fun as fuarrrk and ##math because I like dem maths
what do you use emacs for? (like personally)
Editing text, browsing IRC and interacting with the lisp repl (CL and guile, I don't really use elisp)
Pip pip, tally ho. God save the Queen and all that.  There are far too many colonials and continentals in this fine establishment, would my fellow subjects of Her Majesty be interested in a potential meetup to exchange teas, socialise, and generally increase Britishness?    county    interested in meetup? 
Very surprised to see people from yorkshire and humberside here. It's like a black hole on the internet usually
Wales here. I know the pain.    6930    country    false construct  How's learning about Marxism going for you?
I have a question! What is the standard \"tea time\" over there? after lunch? early evening?
Five o'clock, isn't it?
This is when I have dinner sometimes.
Anyone else admire the work of Zdzislaw Beksinski?
war helps. I know he said that he draws his dreams, not war. also don't forget about his photographs
you guys should read this, that guy has had a pretty crazy life  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zdzis%C5%82aw_Beksi%C5%84ski 
This (pic related) seems rather reminiscent of war.
Hey! Recently I've been researching this artist and I just love his style. Anyone knows where I can get high resolution images of his paintings? I want to print one for my room. Here's an unrelated high resolution image in exchange.
If you like Beksinski, Wayne Barlowe is an artist with a similar style that has lots of great artbooks. He has done work for a ton of different projects and his style looks like a mix between Beksinski's atmospheric work and H. R. Gigers body horror stuff.  His book, Expeditions: Darwin IV was turned into a show on the discovery channel about speculative evolution.
How long has it been since the last corruption/censorship scandal on reddit? Here's a fresh one: Mods allied to SRS are sticking together in what is basically a cult to control the flow of information on reddit with one mod having control over almost 500 subreddits.   https://archive.today/yBjys   Now, what's funny is that 8chan /pol/'s users aren't disgusted. They're impressed. They want to do EXACTLY THE SAME THING as redditors flee to voat.co, as explained in my image.  I'm sorry I've been absent from this site for the past few months. I'll try to add more activity, considering how everywhere else is completely awful.
OP here. To provide an interesting news topic to lainchan I snagged an image from 8chan /pol/'s rivals over at /leftypol/. I believe it to be more than mere juicy gossip.   Social media populations are shifting around, stirred by scandals involving censorship and corruption. A right-wing cabal is now imitating a left-wing cabals's infowar tactics. Both wish to control the flow of information on large social networks, and recruit followers. This event does not affect lainchan directly but it does increase the importance of having smaller, relatively neutral image boards.   There is also plenty of room for speculation on whether or not some three-letter agency is pulling the strings.
i'll allow it, carry on.
I'm with you on this one.     7195  As your moderator stated nothing good can come from posts/threads like these.
These kinds of war also also /cyb/ as fuarrrk.
if the thread is purged to avoid attracting /pol/ (vs /leftypol/) skirmishes to lainchanian soil then I understand completely.
Where should we draw the line with moral? Ever since black people started protesting for rights moral in the western world has started to erode. Right now people who have abnormal sexual preferences are fighting for their rights and to rid their sexualities of stigma.  Where should we draw the line? At the transsexuals? Go back to only accepting heterosexuality? Or just accept anything that doesn't hurt anyone, like bestiality, furies, etc?
Men are drawn to believing in some higher power, I reckon. It leads to them doing something with their life, whether it's for God, for Queen, or for Country.   No men are easly manipulated and follow the pack   Men don't inherently believe in a higher power to give their life meaning  thats what you've been lead to believe. They do just fine without \"higher powers\" truth is    6280     if you aren't part of the truth then you are not necessary to the system. 
i really wish we didnt have these threads on lainchan
Just because you disagree with something doesn't mean it shouldn't be allowed to be expressed.  The proper defense against speech you don't like is not forced silence, but more speech.
its not much different from 8chan
pretty sure lain means it doesn't fit the feel of the site. It's not a matter of politics or anything. I agree, I think the OP didn't understand where they were when they posted, but we've already diverged wildly from the topic so whatever.
share music   listening setups..  headphones: akg k240 w/ fiio e10k speakers: presonus e4.5  currently listening to..  http://ausland.bandcamp.com/album/kl-rvoajans 
Poorfag, always bought chinese stuff for less than 10$,some of them have superior sound quality but its a matter of luck really.  Currently listening to some indie by Lykke li and some Taytay  Thought Id share this with you since it seems close to what you might like  Camo   Krooked - Hot Pursuit (Dead Battery Remix)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wy-AALBl1eA 
My headphones are AKG K 272 HD's, and my speakers are a Logitech X-230 surround system.   I am also listening to The Rumjacks - An Irish Pub Song, pretty damn good.
Headphones: Sennheiser HD700, currently listening to: Periphery! (and lots of other cool stuff)
Speaker: JBL Pulse (pic related)   Listening to: Dismantled ( http://dismantled.bandcamp.com/ )
Speakers: some Dell PC speakers I got for free. fuarrrk you, I'm poor. Currently listening to: Dinosaur Jr. - You're Living All Over Me.    6166    I kind of don't enjoy music anymore  I'm getting that. I'm beginning to prefer appreciating silence a little more.    6163  I drum in a band. I also play guitar (bass and 6 string) and sing. Funny thing, I always figured if I joined a band I'd be playing something with strings while I sing.
So. The eternal question. How do you get free soykaf?  I've heard stories about people writing in dozens of false letters of complaint (e.g. \"I'm a loyal customer, but there there was a fingernail in my \" and just living off the free soykaf the companies send to make nice, but it can't be that easy, can it?
-Steal from supermarkets (Which is not a bad thing to do) -Ask for them in the church or something  -Be a girl. 
Free as in no currency transferred or as in you acquire something without strings attached? If it's the former, I can suggest trading things you don't need/value for that of which you do.
You can order a lost of stuff online for free( usually samples, promos, magazines, etc.)
Craigslist free  Just work checking this a couple times a day into your schedule    Dumpster diving stores for stuff  Takes a while to get good at, you have to learn the stores in your area and what days things get tossed / picked up to be effective.    \"Hippie christmas\"  AKA Bulk trash days. Many cities have designated days for different neighborhoods. Learn the schedule and just go driving around the neighborhood and pick up free stuff from at the curb. Also if you live in a college town check around the student housing at the end of school semesters.    \"carting\"  Literally just going to your local MegaCorp store, filling up a shopping cart and walking out with it. Works best in cities with \"bag ban\" ordinances in effect.
Whenever I get free soykaf I feel like I'm stealing from the homeless
For the conversation and sharing thereof of \"8-bit\" music.
Don't sound 8bit to me?
Nice!     6592    amiga    8bit    amiga users are fags.      6591  Meh  ssss-ok     6588  Meh  ssss-not ok     6587  Not 8bit     6586  Yeh, this is very nice      6578  Yeh good sound track!
punkgoes8-bit.bandcamp.com  ^Ok if you like punk, and are somewhat familiar with a number of the songs. Otherwise  Meh.
who remembers 8bc? (;~;)/ those were good days    http://qqqmusic.bandcamp.com/    https://soundcloud.com/kinkthemook/sabrepulse-outbrk-best-of-8bc 
Pryapisme which is a avant-garde metal band released a 8bit EP.Check it out.   https://www.youtube.com/results?q=pryapisme+8+bit 
So what do you sport on your head lains? Do you like it? Mine is a simple low-maintenance brush cut. Thinking about trying something else but cannot fathom what.
It's a zero maintenance haircut.   but you just said you do maintenance every month or two.
I mean, once the haircut is done I don't have to comb the hair daily or even look at it in the mirror for the next 1 or 2 months.
It doesn't work for me. I'd look like a hedgehog trying to grow an afro.
Anything that minimizes maintenance is inherently ideal.
here is my setup.. -no hair cuts past year; near shoulder length. -once a week use shampoo -brushing really helps with oil distribution if needed -Not much maintenance really; does itself w/ maybe a quick hand-comb
Alright, this is a topic really pissing me off at the moment, and that's the collective narrative the news media I watch has against anonymity online. Namely, they are preying upon parents' fear that their children will be bullied by anonymous bullies.  MOTHERfuarrrkERS IF ALL THESE KIDS WERE ANONS IT'D BE IMPOSSIBLE FOR THEM TO BULLY EACH OTHER. NO ONE WOULD HAVE INFO ON EACH OTHER, NOR KNOW ANY IDENTITIES.  The main website that spurs these fears on is Ask.fm, because that let's anons ask a named user questions, cruel or otherwise. All the news media I'm watching is pushing the same fuarrrking narrative: REMOVE THEIR ANONYMITY AND THE BULLYING WILL STOP. This is driving me nuts; I'd bet the house that huge, vast, crazy amounts of bullying goes on facebook. But that's huge and people of all ages use that now, so can't attack that of course. Am I nuts that I think children should be giving out less personal information, not fuarrrking more? Am I crazy that I actually I'm beginning to think a child would be safer under an alias on BBS forums and image boards than social media sites where their most personal and private info is there for all to see? I'm beginning to feel if my (hypothetical) 11 year old daughter spent all her time on imgur, /cgl/ and deviantart, she might be safer than being on facebook, ask.fm and instagram. Hell I might even let her on tumblr before I did facebook the way it seems to be going, so long as she'd use an alias.  Are you news-watchers finding this in your regions as well? Are you finding anti-Anon narratives in your news media?
related   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkAngvkWVkk 
I'd bet the house that huge, vast, crazy amounts of bullying goes on facebook.   You'll win. IIRC at least two teenagers were driven to suicide on faecesbook. Which is hardly, hardly anonymous. I admit I don't know the details so maybe 'anons' were involved. I do recollect though that both cases ended with convictions.  Either they are idiots or they deliberately spin it that way to achieve some goals.     Am I nuts that I think children should be giving out less personal information, not fuarrrking more?     Am I crazy that I actually I'm beginning to think a child would be safer under an alias on BBS forums and image boards  You are sane. I'll add the usual 'don't feed the trolls' mantra.
I'm sure it's much more than that. Just at my school, a girl was bullied into dropping out over facebook.
I don't want to go all \"fuarrrkING NORMIE TROGLODYTE\" here, but I somehow doubt Facebook would have the appeal it does if it were anonymous.
Fun chan trivia: Today most assume the website being discussed in the video is 4chan; it was in fact 420chan during the period where they hosted /i/. If get a HQ version of that report, you can see a poster with the name Kirtaner (420chan's admin) in it as well as an op image of TCC-tan, 420chan's mascot.   Obviously 4chan got the ball rolling on raids, but that particular report is more or less on 420chan and it's /i/.
Not sure what to call these but it chills me to the bone.  There's something I love in a super sad way to imagine the ghosts of fallen soldiers to be constantly locked in battle around us.
A short animation named Feast found it's way to ptp yesterday and I thought it's pretty sweet so I'm going to share it with you guys.   https://mega.co.nz/#!i4hi1QSS!8K6FqZVBiLM84SWHO6leLQ80wcd_LOWXNmOxjQdxiaA   Also general animation/cartoon thread. Feel free to share any animations whatsoever in this thread.I look forward to watching them all and I guess some other members are too.
Suggestions     || \\/
Vocoder is all you need
how about for a winfag?
Moved to     /tech/4870 .
I think that this might interest some of you:   http://someonewhocares.org/hosts/   A hosts file that redirects  to localhost hostnames known for tracking your online activity or doing other malicious stuff. I use it on my computer as well as on my phone.
What's the purpose of this? Do forgive, I'm a pleb.
Yeah, I run cyanogenmod. As the phone is rooted, it's just a matter of downloading the file and moving it to /system/etc/hosts using the file manager.     6903  Making it impossible for your computer to ever access harmful hosts, like scam sites or ad serving hosts. It's system wide, so it will work invisibly for all users and on all applications.
Installed and working. Thanks op.
thanks, I'm on cyanogenmod as well so I'll have to try this out
Look at Adaway. It's open source and available on F-Droid. It downloads hosts files from whatever sources you want, then merges them and applies it to your hosts file, add your own individual sites, whitelist sites found in lists if you have problems, auto update your host file daily and such. You'll need to allow it root access obviously.  In addition to OP's suggestion checkout these:   http://winhelp2002.mvps.org/hosts.htm   http://pgl.yoyo.org/as/  (select the host file output)  http://hosts-file.net/  (I wouldn't use the full list because it's 22 MB, instead download whatever lists you want like Ad servers and tracking servers, phishing sites, that kinda stuff).
I found a thing  no thread seemed right. So lets have an interesting flying machines thread! Past, present and future  Extra points for interesting, cool and cyb future tech - inc details n research.    2nd pic  The De Lackner DH-4 \"Aerocycle\" flying platform was the first of several one-man flying machines the Army evaluated during the late 1950s and early 1960s, and was certainly one of the more innovative of these various 'individual lift devices'. Developed by De Lackner as a private venture and originally named the \"Heli-Vector\ the DH-4 first flew in January 1955. The Army ordered twelve examples 'off-the-shelf' shortly thereafter.",
the Mil V-12 was bigger   Length: 37 m    Capacity: 196 passengers    Max takeoff weight: 105,000 kg     intended to lift major items of combat materiel as well as 8K67, 8K75 and 8K82 inter-continental ballistic missiles    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mil_Mi-12 
Incorrect as the Mi-26 is considered a helicopter while the V-12, in most circles, is classified as a mother fuarrrking Ruski dragon
wait a minute is that even the same plane, i'm very confused
Bloody hell.
Hey lainons, I found some sort of cave today. It seems like it's man made, but I don't know what for. Is it a storm drain?
very cool thanks for sharing.
Find someone to spot you when you're exploring.
There's water all over the goddamn entrance. Like a big puddle.
Everyone down here floats anon
Veery nice. Just tke care with the bats, those fuarrrkers are evil.
To discuss the contents of the podcast.
No link?  http://mysteriousuniverse.org/category/podcasts/ 
It looks like my father is going to die today or tomorrow. AIDS. He had six children from four different mothers. It's going to be hell once he dies everyone will be trying to hog the most for themselves.
that's a typo, but when we refer to someone as lain or lainon its okay to use female pronouns, since lain is a girl
Actually It's an usual mistake I do. I often forget about people's gender.
he (she?!) Wasn't referring to a lainon, but rather OP's father.
How is everyone handling his death so far?    6938  I know
They are all trying to kill each other, either for the inheritance, either due to petty things on he past.
This is probably a good place to ask this, since many people here are fairly tech oriented.  I think that humanity evolves in a very mindless way nowadays as such, it would be nice to put a \"goal for humanity\" in order to make decisions. I can see two noble reasons:  - Maximize human knowledge about the universe/itself: Give a huge force to science even if that can make the life of some more miserable. Our present focus on capital has some vestiges of it with the advantage of being easy to measure.  - Maximize human well being: give the better we can to everyone everywhere even if economic growth suffers. Leftism has a good part on it.  Supposing we are entering in an age of large connection and control, what to do you think the tendences are? Or are we just missing completely human nature an we will have the same taste for struggle and confusion as always?
I don't see any end goals for humanity, really. I would say \"last as long as possible as a species\" when I was younger, and I guess I'd still follow that rule but only so we have as much time as we can to pursue our passions
If we make it far out in space and colonize other planets, then we could last a very, very long time. We'd also have to find out how we could biologically prevent any setbacks from evolution, need I remind mammals have only existed for a few hundred million years.
tendencies are towards increasing human
I don't think all of humanity is capable of working towards one single unified goal, and it might even be a disadvantage to try instead of taking multiple paths. That said, if I were in a position to decide what people should do I would say, in order of importance highest to lowest: individual privacy, peace and prosperity for all, space colonization, transhumanity, posthumanity.
Space is really fuarrrking cool  like really cool. What are the coolest space facts/pictures/theories/magic you know about?  Pictured is the Helix \"Eye of God\" Nebula in visible and infrared light spectrum.
What I found most astonishing as a kid was that so many things we see among the void are actually mere glimpses of the past. It's also ever hard to comprehend that space, ever so massive and present, is constantly growing.
I had this amazing realization while I was playing Skyrim with HD night skies mod. I looked up and it was glorious but the most important thing is that it wasn't what you would see from earth.  At that moment I realized everything I was doing and seeing in this game /could/ actually be happening on a planet in another galaxy, eight hundred billion light years away and we would never, ever, ever know
could it happen a long, long time ago?
Can anyone help me identify WHAT THE HELL IS THIS? I had a small, isolated rash last night and now it has spread through my arm. It itches. At the centre of each rash there is a small, pin-sized vesicle with white fluid.
Either an insect bite or an allergy.
Might be hives, either way go to a doctor. At least there you can get treatment for it.
pimples fuarrrking shower like jfc you prob smell so bad
insect bite  Could be bed bugs.  I had them a few years ago.  soykaf sucks.
It was an stress induced case of allergy to  pretty much nothing. Seems to be a somatic thing.
There is no way the Seahawks should have lost in such a stupid manner.
Hear hear! One play lost them the game. They shouldn't have thrown the ball.
Do you find yourself unmotivated at times? If so, how do you cope?  I feel like there is a huge amount of things that I want to learn and projects that I want to work on, so it's unaffordable to spend long periods directionless and indulging in meaningless distractions. Yet, feeling that way is not enough to change my mindset.
motivating yourself with food   What are you, an animal?   Instead, do work because you want to reap the fruits of your labor.
What are you, an animal?   yes?
I'm a mammal, so yes
sheeeeit, I guess I should have thought that one through. My point was that it's a primitive and crude method.
whatever werks.
Anarchic because: No Gods, No Masters. Democracy because: Individual voting defines society.  N.b. Originaly called this idea Organized Anarchy  but have since more accuratly relabled it.  ITT I ask those who are interested and able, to help (start) build (program) a new and just system with which to define and steer society.  New technology brings new opportunities. A system never before considered!   We have had many systems of control and order, each “progression” becoming larger and more complex. We have had many systems of voting and power division.   Until recently there was no realistic way for “the people” to control or dictate the workings of government, only to vote for someone else to control and govern.  This is ultimately not allowing “the people” to have a near proportional say in the workings of humanity. We just have a 2 way switch between parties that ultimately are engaged in keeping the interests of  PRIVET businesses and wealth above that of a truly equal and just society. This seems to hold true in many shapes and guises the world over, all be it with variations on voting and ruling systems, but ultimately there is deliberate distancing of the people, for the benefit of the few.   So come the revolution, as we clean the blood off the walls  What then?
Anon you are projecting and putting words in my mouth. I cite this as a problem of strictly ideological thinking. I will not disdain you for that however as that would reflect a similar light upon myself.   All I want to warn about is to avoid trying to mold people to fit your system. Your stem should mold to people as they are in certain respects and perhaps enhance and enable them to be better(if that is possible).   Many an ideologue has traveled that road and ended up thinking that people were the problem and not the system they came up with, therefore they needed to mold people to fit that \"perfect\" system. You end up with 'The Great Terror\" in revolutionary France, you end up with the concept of the \"new communist man\" etc.   Yet all I offer is criticism at this point and that is a rather easier exercise than actually coming up with this idea and implementing it properly and demonstrating its effectiveness. Criticism is infinite and and creating something new is much more finite. And to the latter I wish you good luck.
Anon you are projecting and putting words in my mouth  I did not want to speak for you. Just projecting the sentiment further.    thinking that people were the problem and not the system they came up with  Well I totaly accept I might be barking up the wrong tree in execution but feel the sentiment is correct, the system is as flexible as the people that are engulfed by it - I feel an improvement on the current system, but by no means near perfection.  If people were not the problem we would not need to be held back. Advanced huge scale coop is still not somthing we naturaly tune to - it is the next level and requies some base instincts be subdued. A \"system\"* is a way of emposing that while being fair about it.  *system = rules we collectively recognise and adhear to in order to get on with each other.  You raise good points but I feel they can only be addressed by trying this out  After all what I propose is a computer software, it could be tested hear on the chan if implemented in a kind of sandbox environment, then take it further - and further as the complexity expands so must the testing - eventualy the bugs can be smoothed and we might have somthing to present the world??  At lest this is testable, changable and can be expanded on infinatly. Obviously if voted on and deemed a good idea, AI could be brought in to such a system in order to run the soykaf things - like best way to set up trafic light systems and placement, using google street view to enable best viewing location of lights - all without people having meatings! - and lots of other things like this! I envisage this to be unlike any other sytstem ever preposed, its so encompasing and totaly flexible, controled by the people!  Obviously this will take a lot of work by some very tallented inderviduals to get this even off the ground! I guess thats what is required. Alas, tfw I'm not one 
Just want to add    perfection  The Matrix - only hope we have for true perfection!
First the task needs to be divided into small workable chunks. Fist stage being the actual conceptual design. If I were to imagine where to make a flow chart to appropriately map out how this thing will work in the most basic sense (i.e. the foundations).  If this thing is ever going happen it needs to start now. Start small and build it up. You can help make it happen by simply laying out the idea in a clear conceptual fashion for others to understand and pick up on quickly.
Gonna work on a Xmind (free) project outline (obviously just a very simple starting block) and report back soon-ish (got so much on plate at mo  unfortunatly I'm not NEET)
I feel as if I have been gaslit.  Here are these two threads I saw yesterday and today they are gone. The first one is 'cyb news' from /cyb/, the second is 'what ya do' from /lambda/. The trouble is, both are present in catalogues.   https://lainchan.org/cyb/res/8154.html   https://lainchan.org/%CE%BB/res/2121.html   Of course I checked pages further than the first one. Nil. Zero. Nada. No I have not abused any substances recently.  WTF? Help.      -  The cyb news thread appeared on /cyb/'s second page whilst I was writing this post. Shortly after the second one surfaced in /lambda/. What the bloody hell is this? I checked both boards several times, all pages and there was nothing. Can the mind be THIS inattentive?
weird. do report on it if something like this happens again.
Moved to     /q/3489 .
So how do we recruit more people on /g/ who are tired of the shitty state /g/ is in?
this
Co-relation with the FSF anyone? Imagine what we could do together..
Yyss
Found this chan not too long ago, I've been lurking most of the time and I can confirm that spreading the word there won't be a good thing.

Since there is no board for this, I just wanted to ask about your political views lainons.   Also here is a very simplistic strawpoll:  http://strawpoll.me/2290915 
Yeah, that sounds about right. The regulation I speak of is to prevent large corporations and monopolies such as we have now from emerging. And the patent situation is so fucked right now  I can't even begin to describe it, so that doesn't sound like a bad plan.
Right-wing libertarian.
I have my own custom taste to it of course 
Fuck patents. Holding back society is the worst thing you could do.
My political views are that people should stop being shit to each other. And if someone is doing something you don't like but he isn't hurting anyone, let him be. And help a brother out.  We need to stick together if we're to rid our world of the lizardmen that control everything.
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1300298569/under-the-dog    What do you think, lains?
I think it looks nice but tells me jack shit about how good it will be in the long run. Selling a project on cool action scenes is not a good sign.
Oh shit, I was too focused on muh grapix that I didn't even mension that too.  Yeah, well, the team looks pretty capable, from what I can tell. It seems like it might do OK, but until we get a pilot, we might never know.  I don't think it'll be as good as some as the stuff they've worked on, though. Might be wrong, though.  Mite b cool.
Yeah this thread is a fuckign trainwreck, I don't know why it isn't on /w/ for starters.  I agree with most of what said you whole heartedly  Also \"Under The Dog\" is an expression about being in a fucking shitty situation if you didn't know.  It has potential to be a nice looking action/espionage anime but I don't know if there is much else to expect from it, maybe some nice drama and suffering.  All there is to do is wait and see really.   I'm also skeptical that this is going to be some kind of 'revolution' in how anime are made, but I'd be happy to be proven wrong.  At least the MC is has a nice design
Thread went off-topic because most people realize Under the Dog looks pretty shitty so they talk about other semi-related things.
I backed it with quite a lot of money. I expect it to at least have good action, and I'll get a rare figure too.  To me it seems like the production team is overstating the problems they claim the anime industry has, and maybe they're even deliberately playing them up to get sympathy and shekels from all the people who think anime died with Cowboy Bebop.
Im upset cause I tried to stream and I talked about it for a long time and not a single person showed up  and then I turned it off and cried.
I feel you, OP. The same thing happened here the other week.
My internet can't handle streaming.
Stream popular or very good and rare shit, and promote it on /g/ or something I usually join streams, so if I hear about it I can hop in
Is there a free codec for GNU/Linux regarding online video streams?   I don't use non-free software. 
Post url, I will drop in and say hello!
Do any of my Waifus here write for their own enjoyment? That is to say, do you write stories, poetry, comics or anything else for your own sake and not because you have to for the sake of school or university?   I'm currently inspired by the photo attached and have a piece based of the same universe it might be from though I changed the bolt action rifles to muskets.
Half off topic; I can't write erotica, sex, or anything like that even if my life were on the line. Any suggestion?
Ironically as much as I enjoy writing I think I hate writing more than anyone. It's so difficult to get started writing but once I do I can't stop.  I suppose I'll repost this in /lit/ as an anon suggested?
yeah, I'm currently writing a cyberpunk tv series that does some funky stuff with continuity stay tuned in like a year or two
yes do that
lainchan.org/lit/res/380.html  There you go guys, sorry about this. I'm still interested to hear about what you guys write though
Is anyone here paying attention to that giant goatfuck on /v/? Pretty amusing information war going on there with #GamerGate. I'll try to sum it up, somehow. I'll apologize in advance if no one is interested in this drama shitstorm but I mean it when I say it is really, really juicy information warfare.
I dumped the arstechnica link in the \"/cyb/ Tip of the Day #1\" thread.
Furthermore, there's nothing saying that the board cannot be used for activisim.  There's a definite problem when they do something 'as the users of an anonymous website,' which you failed to address. You can't claim to represent anonymous users. And when you do make your board a hub for activism, people go there to discuss activism and not what the board is intended for. This is a problem if you value conversation of any depth regarding the actual medium.   Gamer gate was directly tied to video games.   No, gamergate was tangentially related to video games. It wasn't about gaming journalism, it was about how the relationships of games journalists affect their reporting. That's tertiary discussion.   Nobody was calling for doxxings or raids. It was perfectly legal.  They might not have been cvalling for actual doxxing/raids, but they were targeting sponsors which is a much more than their original goal of 'signal boosting.' This is what angry tumblr cunts do when a comedian tells a joke they don't like. It's attempted censorship, the correct course of action would simply be to eliminate their audience and not use the site themselves.   Remember all those times that they voted in EA as the worst company in America?  Done as a joke, not as a movement.
Contempt or any other form of distaste is a valuable part of a confrontation. If you don't let it show clearly, then you are being dishonest. When you show how you think of your opponent you disclose your reasons for arguing with him.    2908  Why do get the impression that I'm german? (I'm not)
That might have been fake, but I'm convinced this is 100% true:  http://pastebin.com/N7VpVUaB 
How was your day lainons? Did you do anything exciting? Anything outside the soul crushing monotony?
oh hell yeah do they already know?
just post it on all the other smaller chans
does that make 2588-san egoist?     2822  i don't small chans' mods like their small userbase possibly leaving
I've been wanting to make a future weapons thread on /cyb/ but I havnt put in the to do the research, and i am kindof new to /k/  :3c  And as if were not already on a list as a bunch of \"evil terrorist hackers\
Yesterday I spent about 5 hours retagging some doujin audio mp3s (not music) in fb2k. Half of my time was spent learning the syntax for them tagging patterns.  Using if else statements almost made me want to try to learn how to program again.
Is Russia trying to go to war?   http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-29288277   http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28986764   http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29284548 
In other news   http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/11110543/White-House-evacuated-over-security-threat.html    http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-29288279 
What? That's how Russia says hello.
Why would Russia go to war? What could it gain?
A swelling of Putin's pride.  Never underestimate a manlet.
I like listening to Sabaton when play red orchestra 2, anyone got any recommendations for songs that also fit to the games theme?
We have /rpg/ anon, video games go in there too
Do you want war themed metal or just antifascist music in general?
war themed
early laibach like Opus Dei
I want to switch from gtk+ to qt, so the file selection dialog would show bigger preview in firefox, but I can’t come up with the ritual I must do to perform this. Just installing qtcore and company doesn’t seem to be working. I need a theme or some kind of qt support in packages. Does firefox support qt in that way? I heard not, but since I have nobody to ask I’m not sure, and I couldn’t find a board where Linux is discussed and at the same moment isn’t filled with uboonto-children.
While most setting can be configured using the menu and/or the Preferences dialog, some of the settings are not visible in the interface because they are considered not general enough for the average user.  There are pretty customizable settings in the preferences, which can be adjusted via config in ~/.config/Thunar/thunarrc
OP here. I’ve found that opensuse maintains a package of firefox with patches that replace gtk dialog with qt. No working ebuilds were found in the wild, and I’m too lazy to write them.
can they be compiled?
Patches are patches — apply and compile. There’s a problem, however, with the order and other gentoo patches that tend to alter the code making them unappliable, iirc. I’m not going to go this far just for a larger preview.
Daily reminder to trust nothing on Wikipedia and always follow the sources.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/deepak-chopra/wikipedia-a-new-perspecti_b_5332504.html  Apologies for the huffpost link, I think they are a really shit news source, but it was an interesting read.  I've experienced this firsthand a few times. Trying to edit an article to include pure sourced information, non-biased and including alternative cross-checking points, and have these powertripping users/mods/whatever censor me because it 'doesn't fit their guidelines' when in fact it completely does, moreso then some of the shit they put up if you view their pages, some things arent quite 'facts' yet but certainly far from opinion, and yet if it doesn't fit their worldview they will fight it to all ends. However alot of the stuff on there is not quite fact, but Wiki is supposed to be for the people by the people and if subset of society holds a belief based on information this deserves to be validated and acknowledged as it is. Alot of it comes down to 'sources' (and the whole sources thing is rigged IMO too, their definition of sources is unnecessarily limiting to free discourse) but I can't be bothered to sit arguing on a talk page days on end with people who simply cannot and will not listen about the validity of this or that source. Most people can't, so they win by default. I really mean it when I say that the mods and whatnot there are some of the most hypocritical people I've come across on a supposed legitimate site.  Really just a whole load of crap and I'm not sure why I even care, but I felt like saying something about it. Alot of people know not to trust Wiki but still, reading something there, its hard not to let it shape your opinion, and alot less technologically inclined people I know just can't be bothered crosschecking info, and this worries me about the power a select few power-users have over the minds of the majority in what is supposed to be a free, open source of information.
I am the OP lol. I don't really feel like giving examples.  That necessitates going through my history and digging up things I don't really care about.  But I appreciate your skepticism for what its worth. Suffice to say, if you ever edit Wikipedia you'll probably experience it first-hand. Its not ALWAYS like that. But on some articles that certain people make their own and dont let go, it is.
well i just read this thread and it was interesting, thanks for sharing i guess
I've seen this happen on 2 occasions First time, a mod flagged an article because it described something that was named \"uhh, black people\" or something and he thought it was named something more offensive but the author had censored it. I didn't do anything about it but I feel like the conversation would have been funny. Second time there was a comment from the talk section embedded in the actual article. I tried 3 times to remove it and had to be very specific in what I was removing (they first gave me the typical amateur hour, \"you seem to be trying to edit wikipedia but need some help\" etc) before someone realized what was going on and let me be. It was kind of funny.
I took a look at the #GamerGate article after seeing the thread that's on here a couple days ago. Then, knowing there's always quite a few fights between contributors and people with mod powers, I took a look at its talk page and laughed.  Wikipedia is such a biased mess. I've been trying to avoid it but it's kind of hard to so I just do what the smart people do and compare their info with other sources.
Wow, it's hilarious.
i-is steampunk ok here? pic related, first steampunk I ever read.
cyber punk   steampunk all day erey day
sure man, this is /r/ :)  was the book good? i have not read it yet
if your really into manga and cyberpunk you must read Blame!    http://myanimelist.net/manga/149/BLAME ! 
o-ok :(    2654  yeah, I liked it. Like the world they set up, and the ending was a trip.
than you for the recommendation but this is a steampunk thread
Do you guys think Lainchan will be the new Bastion of free speech? I do.
new Bastion of free speech?  no. As moot said in his sticky on /v/, 4chan was never a place for free speech as there were rules since inception limiting what you could say or do. This place also has rules, and as it grows bigger more rules will most likely be set in place. If you want a bastion of free speech, you'll have to look elsewhere. I hear ISIS has luck with Diaspora.
if you think the fact that anons can't post child porn from behind a proxy is going to be a problem, then feel free to leave. You'll have to take my word on the fact that unblocking tor was more trouble than it was worth.   Or perhaps people are legitimately concerned about privacy, unlike you? Don't be so dense. And don't try to avoid the topic with your \"p-people might post CP!!\" thought-terminatint cliché, that's just pathetic. Just block people using Tor/VPNs from posting images, it really isn't that hard.  1/10 for even making me respond, your comment was just so damn stupid that I had to.
you're thinking anoneemoose OP
No, I mean we've actually unblocked tor in the past and people have actually spammed CP. And we weren't nearly as popular then. Ask around in the IRC if you don't believe me. And it was links and images that they spammed, so just blocking images won't work. But to prove I'm not a \"thought-terminating cliché,\" I will say that I'd like to see kalyx try it.
I apologize for my earlier hostility, you have a good point. That being said, it would still be very interesting to see how limiting Tor/VPN posters to text posts would work out.
Coffee Thread.  How do you all take your Coffee? How strong, how weak? Among other coffee-related preferences.
Doesn't coffee make you feel anxious?  I've been having palpitations, shakey hands/head, and similar symptoms since a couple weeks ago. I drink coffee and chocolate almost everyday but no more than a couple cups, yet I get this shit condition when talking to certain people. And not just strangers, happens with some family members too. First time I felt it was a year ago, when I came home after I almost got robbed, but I thought it was because adrenaline kicked in too late.  I'm not crazy, right?
Sounds like caffeine is not helping you with an anxiety problem. It is exacerbating it. Lay it off completely, or go decaf. You are not crazy, but you do need help with that anxiety.
This. Also dark roasted beans. Every cup is like drinking a bunch of cigarettes which is good for me since I like the smell of cigs but don't want to fuck my body up by smoking or being near people who smoke.     2017       /drg/  Coffee is not a drug. Caffeine is.
I hate coffee
not injecting coffee into your bloodstream    not giving blowjobs to get your fix 
There's a secret mod board.  Spread the word.
ah you mean     /mod/ , now i get it.  pretty shitty pictures you got there by the way, saged
come to think of it, cloudflare or whoever the fuck was probably just high
Oops, forgot about /recent and /all/ 
only way to squeeze some posts out of this place.  for what it's worth, your post made me lol a little.
ugh what is it with this cursed thread, im samefagging like crazy, and that wasnt even your post
Why should I use lainchan over other chans? (I mean other than the obvious benefit of it being a small community)
It's kind of like /g/, except it doesn't suck and there's more topics.
Fuck it, I'm sold. Just thought I'd provide a list of reasons this place isn't shit:      Little to no try hard edgy humor     Actual helpfulness     Black/white/green colorscheme (easy on the eyes)     Small enough that I can actually remember the post number when replying     Programming board is a lambda     No captcha
Unix users, programmers, and cyberpunks this is the only chan alive with this community
You don't have to stop using other imageboards to post here.
there is a finite amount of stuff to lurk, real nice for people like me who cant stop sometimes
fucking apple man fucking apple lol
what else is bad about them.  Among other things, they don't respect their users' freedom. Some examples why they are bad:  https://stallman.org/apple 
they dont respect their users freedom  that's pretty much a given today. Almost every service records your information to some extent, its impossible to avoid
Doesn't make it any better.
The fucking pricing
/thread
can we have a discussion on how to get more people on lainchan?  I like \"muh sekret club\" as much as the next guy but it would be nice to have  2 posts per hour  any ideas?
Kalyx is going to run some more banners on 4chan soon. I think the best way to expand it is to do it 'organically', nothing good can come from trying to force users here.  So mostly just time and word of mouth.   We only get about 200 posts a day though, that is something that definitely needs to be improved if we want more users. Not everyone can be bothered checking back multiple times a day to check if they have gotten a single reply.
if you know somebody who might like lainchan, tell them to check it out. Avoid trying to get large waves of users to rush in, as the formula generally goes like   massive influx    massive outflux    place feels like a ghost town, even though more people showed up  and then everyone gets bored because nothing will compare to the activity you have when mass advertising. You get addicted to the huge waves of users, and keep trying to pursue them, even though it ultimately makes the site worse.
word.
We need to post more. Don't force new users just because.
We need to keep the quality. Don't force users to post more.
What video games you playing /r/?  Been playing destiny. Cant say i love it but it is fun at times. The shooting is tight, atmosphere is great and getting loot is satisfying.  Anyone wanna play on ps3? post psn id if you please. BorisYeltsin22
/rpg/ 
I think I'll go out and hit the first person I'll see. Let's see how that turns out. Yes, I know it's stupid and potentially suicidal, today I don't care.
Welp I got the most pitiful sobbing old guy, he was so pathetic I didn't have the heart to hit him. Now I invited him a coffee and he's still crying.  I still feel like shit. This is what I get for going outside.
fascinating, have you tried lighting hobos on fire? I hear that's fun.

Like I could do that to someone pitiable.  I think I know who he might be, his story is pretty much the same of a 9th grade student I've got. Possibly her father. He was carrying a gift for a girl the whole time, I'll check on Tuesday. Honestly I was expecting the usual yuppie fucker that's too common round here. Someone I wouldn't feel regret hitting on the face.
It's OK anon.  You reached out and touched someone.  It didn't turn out as expected, but I think you got something meaningful out of it.  You didn't even get in a fight.
can we just you know, talk ?
I feel like a pleb because I haven't gotten into the dofus/wakfu shows until I heard wakfu was being ported to english.   So now I'm watching dofus. And I shall wait to watch wakfu until the dub.
I'm going to do something productive tomorrow, I can feel it. For now i'm going to bed, good night lains.
) i learned how to compile into objects without linking the stuff, and that dom and im stand for domain and image. it was quite boggling that people abbreviated 'értelmezési tartomány' with 'dom' and never cared to explain why. 2) started a semester, bought a flash drive. 3) roughly 1-1,5 hours, mostly walking from building to building, and a little shopping 4) bleak fall serenity     2346  i also feel the need for solitude to be productive, but sometimes when i get it, i waste the whole thing doing abstract stuff i don't understand afterwards. i also getting obsessed with something plus dropping the previous obsession every 2-3 days.
*hugs*
Talking is good. We should do more of that.
Right now I'm in Chile, and it seems the government has used a false flag attack to reinforce anti-terrorism laws that go against the human rights convention. The funniest part? They used two almost dud IED made with fire extinguishers. Not a single dead. Only two mild injuries. And people and the press are reaction like it was 9-11. It's both disgusting and infuriating, how can people can be manipulated into fear with so little.
People are dumb. They always have been. You just have to know how to avoid falling in with them and/or control them on some level.
how can people can be manipulated into fear with so little.  i don't know man, my guess is because most of them are fucking stupid since they weren't thought critical, reflective thinking at home or school.
What are you going to spend your money on soon /r/?  me: new vape, probably 10€ for lainchan when i'm buing the vape (i feel guilty), a new bed, new computer table;
I wasn't planning on buying anything other than food for the forseeable future, but then I impulse-bought some books today, oops.
Wish I had the resources to build a custom rig (not for gaming, I don't game anymore) for fucking with GNU/Linux and shit.
A laptop but I've never brought anything this expensive before and am really anxious I will choose something shitty and waste all that money.
get a used x230 Thinkpad. It will leave you satisfied for a long while. (Guessing you want it for work and not games or some stupid shit like that). 
obviously it depends on your needs but I've found the best way to get custom rigs up  on the cheap is flea markets, thrift stores, asking around for old computers from family and friends, craigslist, etc.   Built a Debian server years ago just to play around with like this and it's been super helpful. And if you really jsut want to play around and learn simple coding just look into a Pi or Beagleboard (or if you wanna go full freedom, OLinuXino - Open Source Hardware Boards)   Just some thoughts.
I feel sad. There are so many people who have opinions i feel are just too wrong.
Your opinion makes me mad, please do not share it in any other places.
Your opinion doesn't appeal to me and you should leave the internet
I have to deal with a fascist family. Holidays are great.
Don't mind me, just tripcode testing
and again with only the secure tripcode to see if it takes the standard tripcode into account
