Is the Lenovo A588t a good pick for a smart flip phone? I've had the urge to get a flip phone for a while now, and right now I'm leaning towards the A588t. I know there are other and perhaps better flip phones on the market now, but a lot of them are extremely overpriced for a flip phone like the Samsung Galaxy Golden at $700 or the SCH-W2014 at $3000. The LG Wine Smart cam out recently, but I'm afraid that too may be over my budget. I know that the Sharp Aquos K is coming out soon, but I'm predicting it'll cost too much for me as well. Does anyone else have any experience with current age flip phones? Are there any other good flip phones I haven't mentioned?
Which games are good for building bots? They need to have some sort of virtual goods market place or other way to make real money.
I don't think it's a good idea; every mmorpg is already filled with chinese bot armies. Since the exchange rate is favourable to them, you'd be o a disadvantageous position.
I think    5403  is right. Unless you can do something new, you'll be trying to compete in a very saturated market.
Lains.  Surely someone on here can point me to some good offshore hosts. Ones that take bitcoin are a must.   If you can vouch for one without just saying \"oh well their policy looks nice\". Im not doing anything that sketchy, but I want to host my own services without being in uncle sams spotlight.
no real idea - and not quite the answer you wanted  but I'de look to Iceland as the last place on Earth that respects privacy.  Switzaland 2nd place, Sweeden 3rd 
hey tech/ can you recomend me a good program or tool to change/hide my ip i dont know if theres actually a manual to do it
you can use Tor to browse online or pipe your program through torsocks for everything else, using proxies and soykaf is useless if you want to be completely anonymous But you could make your own proxy from your botnet and then encrypt all packets to it, if you know how to
What on earth are you trying to do?
hax the gibson, duh
I can't believe there's no thread about this yet.   https://freakattack.com/    On Tuesday, March 3, 2015, researchers disclosed a new SSL/TLS vulnerability — the FREAK attack. The vulnerability allows attackers to intercept HTTPS connections between vulnerable clients and servers and force them to use ‘export-grade’ cryptography, which can then be decrypted or altered. There are several posts that discuss the attack in detail: Matt Green, The Washington Post, and Ed Felten.   More in-depth explanation on how it works  http://blog.cryptographyengineering.com/2015/03/attack-of-week-freak-or-factoring-nsa.html   fuarrrking NSA, is there anything they can't get their filthy paws on?
what are you talking about, it doesn't matter if you browse from your phone or desktop client for this attack, the problem is that both 30% of the web servers and many clients still accept ancient bullsoykaf protocols
which makes it even worse that there are STILL downgrade attacks in all the fuarrrking software. this kind of fuarrrk up needs to stop, can openSSL and apple and all those guys please stop to support a huge ass zoo of crypto procotols and instead focus on keeping HTTPS from falling apart every other week due to downgrade attacks and general asshattery.
Can we just agree that we need a whole new protocol? And not HTTP/2 either, something that is designed to be secure from the ground up.
The problem with trying to design a foolproof HTTP replacement is that it can't affect the user at all. For stuff like SSH that's designed to be secure, we can have people generating their own keypairs and such, and we can prompt them to confirm the SSH fingerprint on first connection. For HTTPS, we can't ask people \"does this string of nonsense letters and numbers look right to you?\" when they connect to an HTTPS site for the first time.  Normally this is the part of the post where I'd suggest a possible solution, but unfortunately I can't think of one. Tor onion URLs where the address is also the public key is cool, but we can't expect users to remember asdfjfgiuhdafjeljksdh.onion.
Even if you're running Firefox, you should still run a vulnerability test.   https://freakattack.com/   It turns out that it's quite common for software to interfere with HTTPS connections, which can leave you vulnerable even when your browser shouldn't be. I just spent some time yesterday tracking down what turned out to be the Avast \"web shield\" on my family's computers.
I want to switch all my friends from Facebook to a different, less soykafty IM client and server. It has to be XMPP-compatible so they can still talk to people on Facebook with it. Also because XMPP is cool and open.  I've preliminarily identified IM+ as the best cross-platform IM client for mobile devices, although I would very much appreciate platform-specific suggestions (my friends use iOS and Windows Phone, no Androids to be found here).  My more important question however is which server to create an account with. I understand that literally anyone can create an XMPP server, so I was wondering if you lainons had any suggestions for those which are reliable and secure.  Thanks in advance.
privacy can be accomplished with an OTR plugin, provided you're both using it. Otherwise, not much. anonymity is generally not going to happen, since you can be traced by your friends lists. Knowing who you talk to, who you associate with can pin you down more easily than you'd think. Still, you could connect to a public gateway over TOR.  bitlbee is pretty good. I had it interfacing with MSN, Facebook and gtalk before I disconnected from the botnets. Only had 1 friend with an OTR plugin on his end, and it worked for us.  if you throw in an irc bouncer like ZNC, you can be connected all the time, and receive backlogs when you connect.     5321  it's more /cyb/ I could talk about the problems inherent with XMPP, but that would be a bit silly given that I'm advocating taking xmpp with all its warts and then sticking irc with it's (different, fewer) warts on top of it too.
XMPP has xml  Do we really need to go any further?
i'm so fuarrrking tempted to start a public xmpp server, but i've never done much sysadminning beyond playing with my raspberry pi and running a few services on my lan with it  do you think I should try?
Yes. Good opportunity to learn from doing something real.
You think digital ocean is good enough?
Has Lainchan ever thought of making their own distro?  I know /g/ on 4chan has  It was going to be called 4plan or something, infact it was actually going to be a whole OS built from Bell labs Plan 9 (what a stupid idea since plan 9 is a networking os and not for general use).   Anyways, what would people think of a cyberpunk Lainchan Linux with Lainchans favourite Linux distro as the base?
i disagree with everything you just said and claim the opposite  let's not make an OS and do what i said earlier    5296  instead, ignore *BSD and Plan9, not Have voice control, not have any VMs, display the actualy boot stuff where you see if something fails instead of CoplandOS, and only have few but good and nicely configured security soykaf
why no VM? are you going to start the git repo or will this all stay hypothetical?
But we already have tonnes of distros doing exactly that
Which distro is cyberpunk as fuarrrk?
Gentoo and Debian
Thoughts on Void Linux?
this  As for Void Linux I think given time it will mature into a intersting linux distribution.
Bro, I agree, but chill.
you let it off easily now and then a lot of them will be coming
I use it instead of Arch, it's doing fine. Love runit. Now I need to contribute some packages to xbps.
archiving torrent indexes    http://bitcannon.io/   what do you think lainons?  seems like this would make it pretty easy to setup an .i2p or .onion of our favorite torrent sites right?
In all honesty, this site will more than likely run into legal troubles.  It'd be neat if instead of software, people could just use the site in order to search. I guess software is alright though.
i think the point is decentralization. even if there site and all torrent sites go down we can all have backups
It would be nice if it could also archive stuff like the audio/video ratings on kickass, otherwise you can only really judge based on the release group and the filesize.
Guys I've been wanting to get a chromebook lately, as my main computer and OS (ChromeOS) But it also seem to be an abandon project  They still gave me a boner since I'm a web dev. Anyone have one of those? Do you like it? I'd like to hear people opinion and feedback on it!
Did I act destructively like /g/? I don't think I did, but soykaf, if I did I'm sorry, man. Anyway, can you really do that? But what would the point of that be, then?
Did I act destructively like /g/?   nope, but most people that are strong believers in freedom restrain themselves from enjoying life all together, Stallman as prime example, doesn't own a phone.    can you really do that?  seen few tutorials back in the day I checked chromebook out, then I dropped chromebook alltogether cuz of specs   what would the point of that be?  I am guessing that OP likes the sleekness of chromebook. Linux would give it the edge of stabilizability with the outer look of everyday user. I don't really know, you can use any laptop and put distro of choice on it, but OP has a thing for chromebook, gotta ask him.
ChromeOS is more polished than any other Linux distro, I personally love it and would use it if it allowed GTK/Qt programs.
not OP but i want a chromebook because of price, battery life, specs, and weight.  I plan on getting a chromebook and installing Arch linux on it.  If any lainon has a better recommendation of a cheap laptop that will run gnu/linux with better\\same specs im all ears.
Can you really blame him for that? He might have used different words but the essence of his message would remain the same: thing you have little control on.    5364     but most people that are strong believers in freedom restrain themselves from enjoying life all together  Really? Since when we conflate using services from corporate/government surveillance complex with 'enjoying life'? (If you really believe that I beg to differ. There's more than that in life.)  On-topic. I assume you've already acknowledged my stance towards Chrome OS. As for chromebooks, maybe I would buy one. I would tear Chrome OS out and install something more  local though.  sage b/c mostly ranting and going OT
What email provider do you use, and Why?
You have a riseup as a personal account? I thought those were just for organizations and such things
As far as I know you can get one if you're an political activist.  I use Posteo and Cock.li
I use my own server for hacking related stuff and outlook.com for real life stuff.
This.
Runmail for personal. Google at work because that's what they use.
So, I finally decided to get off my ass this weekend and go through my older tech.  I have this computer sitting in my basement. It's from 2008 and was my very first SFF machine. Eventually it was replaced with something much flashier.  Thing is, it's perfectly good 32-bit system. There's nothing wrong with it. I just don't know what to do with it.   I'm trying to become a wizard, so I'd like to have some educational project to do with it. Problem is it's not exactly Skynet. Since it's only 32-bit I don't think I can turn it into a web server, I don't really have a practical use for an entertainment center, it only fits 1 HDD so I can't experiment with RAID really, it has no video cards so buttcoin is out   There must be SOMETHING this can be used for!
teamspeak/ventrilo server
This is exactly what I've been looking for in a router, but I don't want to spend a  $9000 and I don't want an old PC chugging down the power. Was just looking into throwing this on a raspberry pi, but no arm support yet. :(
$9000  Is it not free? Or just electric bill?
:O  2008? Sounds perfect for a web-server. Install some BSD on it and start installing daemons. Use it for a jumpbox that is connected to a bunch of different darknets and holds tmux sessions for all your and your friends IRC connections or something.
Sorry. That wasn't very clear. I meant how enterprise routers that usually have these features are crazy expensive.      4571    Since it's only 32-bit I don't think I can turn it into a web server.   Web servers aren't these crazy powerful creatures. Most services you'd want to run on a server are designed to be as light as possible. I've got quite a few services running on my cheapo VPS and it isn't anywhere close to maxing out its whole 512MB of RAM.   So do that. Try to put as much on it as you possibly can. Bonus points for services that need to be configured to interact with each other. Like ZNC+IRC+IRC Services, or Postfix+Dovecot. Retroshare, I2P, Tor, cjdns, torrents to a network share. ++bonus points if you set it up with security in mind and throw it in the dmz. Check out the logs from all the bots trying to pwn your soykaf.
What do you guys think about Firefox Hello?
i extremely doubt it. It is extremely new and has no mention of encryption or open source.
Hello uses webrtc as a backend, which in 2015 was found to contain a flaw that gives away your IP address  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebRTC 
tox gives away your IP too.  If it didnt you wouldnt be able to communicate with the other person. Something needs to know your IP.  If your worried about your IP getting out, use a VPN or proxy or other IP related hiding method.
I should clarify: it can give away your real IP address through VPN tunnels. See link.
I've never heard of it, but I'll go check it out.
I made a PBX (VoIP system)  Post the username you want and i'll make an extension for you. Since it's VoIP it's all via the internet so it's free.  My extensions:   - Desktop: 1000  - Phone: 2000  You'll need a SIP compatible client; eg:  http://www.zoiper.com/en 
I apologize for noob, but this can dial the PSTN, right? Could I use this on a cell phone, or would I always need to dial from an internet connection?
Time for /consumer technology/ to go /enterprise/.  I have been wondering for a long time now; what network equipement can we trust? It is publicly known that most major network equipement manufactors not only put \"dumb\" backdoors into their products (a special login in the firmware), but also sophisticated backdoors (magic packets can make the equipement behave in impressive ways).  For home use it is fairly safe to buy a dd-wrt compatible SOHO router and flash it with your own OS, even though these projects tend to be run by a few untrusted individuals (Shibby et cetera). The transparency of the way these routers act is making me trust them to do my personal networking.  For enterprise-use I am however disillusioned that I actually have any safety, short of creating _layers_ of defense by different manufactors. I rely entirely on my self made sensors and network security monitors to make sure that the network behaves as expected, but I do not feel that I control the other network equipement myself - what if I am suddenly unable to manipulate the traffic the way I want to?  Do you have any networking experience? What is your feeling about trusted networking? What direct experiences have you made with trusted networking? Do you know of any projects related to this subject?
The transparency of the way these routers act is making me trust them to do my personal networking.  A few words: software bugs and misconfiguration. Ensures your device can and will be owned (there were several cases already), and don't expect it to flash 'hai i are pwned kthxbai' with its LEDs in Morse.  There are just too many ways to get rekt. Starting with factories (who knows what those Chinese put in those chips and firmwares), finishing with NSA interdiction ops.
This thread is about what enterprise networking hardware we can trust - in a worst case scenario you can always build your own networking equipement for home networking, since the load and demand will be minimal. It is only when you need to scale the network up that at a certain point you need specialized \"hardware\". I have put enough trust into chink produced, and custom/personal flashed, hardware to let it handle my personal networks, since there has been no indication, nor activity, of suspicious traffic from my experience, nor any reports of the matter. Please get back on track.  Some projects are starting to virtualize the whole network stack, getting rid of untrusted systems all together. This way you only need to trust the dedicated networking interfaces/cards (assuming you already have a trusted hypervisor running on trusted hardware). Which should over time make it easier to have complete control, but will require some FOSH (free open software and hardware) projects to compete with the high performance modules in the market that are not FOSH. I don't know of any such projects.  Are there really no network administrators on lainchan that cares about security?
Total non wizard - but still know magic when i see it   So excuse if totaly out of depth! But would this not at least go some way to being a solution for you? (vid related) I don't know if this would be powerfull enough? or \"free\" enough     Could i suppose chain a soykaf load of K2-300mhz AMDs from back in the day for ultra paranoia! (I heard -fuarrrk knows if true- these were the last of the FREE CPUs) Rather you than me!  Let us know if this is any use (probably not the k2-300s lol)    https://www.pfsense.org/download/mirror.php?section=downloads 
Alright Lains, I'm not sure how much I trust TOR anymore. Should I be using freenet or i2p?  Is there lainchan on either?
the comodo icedragon site looks so shady oh god. is this even open source? download from cnet feels gross too.
Yes.
that would be because comodo is a shady company  proof:  https://blog.hboeck.de/archives/865-Software-Privdog-worse-than-Superfish.html 
but their firewall/defender is so good
i2p =/= tor
I recently got a wireless router, because I don't have another option, and it's a fuarrrking scam. I pay about $55 and I get 15 mbits/s up and down (Which is not the actual thing, because there's not very good signal where I live, it's actually just about 5, when), but I have a download limit of 40 GBs a month. And it's not like I have a better option, this is the best service I can get, and it's like that for every ISP in my country. Is it like that everywhere? Because this sucks.
The state in Germany asked for some articles to be removed when it comes to the chancellor.  In our democratic government coupled with effective social engineering, public outrage might just be another way of the government saying \"shut up\". It's not an impossibility, is it? In Germany certain demonstrations are state-funded (although that's illegal). This was even investigated by a newspaper, but no one cared.    Germany and Sweden may not have total free press, but they do have it *compared* to other situations.  Then they should be marked as \"satisfactory\"  Also what about free speech? If there is free press, but free speech is limited in such a way it also limits the press, would that not also be a limited freedom of the press? In this case at least the freedom of the press is never better than \"satisfactory\" for Germany.   Not quite sure about Sweden on that point, but I still doubt that Swedes can simply say as they please over there.
Oh, in that case I talked while being an ignorant, I thought the situation was much better, but indeed it sounds even worse than where I live (Chile).
So, does anyone know what makes the US satisfactory and Canada good? What is the difference there?  Genuinely curious
UK/USA good press, wtf? video related  free press or properganda!  Most the worlds press are tools of states!  Even if this is \"just\" a \"small thing\" it is totaly unacceptable and has been done with intent to missinform - that is not free press!  What about the WIKI leaks situation - free press is a thing of struggles. Never is press free!
WIKI leaks situation. 
porque?   https://www.opendns.com/home-internet-security/opendns-ip-addresses/ 
to be fair, there are more arbitrary acronyms out there
this data is unencrypted, I should add    which implies that everyone on the route between you and your DNS server can track all the domain names being resolved on your network, which basically is equivalent to tracking all the pages you visit (perhaps sans how frequently, as DNS data is being cached). This is an argument for sticking to your ISP's own DNS servers, as they can track all of your traffic anyway (unless you're using a VPN, in which case it's the VPN provider who can track you, etc.).
Nothing \"arbitrary\" about this.   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain_Name_System   Those believing it stands for \"domain name server\" (or anything else) are simply poorly educated in that matter.
Hey, he wasn't fighting back, try to read before you start being a dick.
You can always directly specify multiple DNS server IPs for any network interface using TCP/IP (be it an end host's network interface, or your router's uplink interface).
Installing Antergos for the first time ever, what do
https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Suspend_and_hibernate  it depends on what you want, or what works well for your hardware. if suspend to ram isn't working right on your system, there's nothing wrong with hibernate.
Sadly sleep doesn't work. But hibernate does.
at least you're not installing manjaro, ive never experienced a system before that brakes so quickly and consistently in my whole life, i would not recommend that distro to anyone.  Darn, I was planning on installing Manjaro with OpenRC on my chinkpad.
Look like you got denied m8  But thus far KDE is quite bloated but I'm happy it works. It's mainly for my father who does nothing but browse craigslist so it's easier for me.
ha i mean thats on you, dude. back when i tried it out, the installer diddnt fuarrrking work right, so id actually have to go through the install process like 3 times before it decided to install my system to the point that it was bootable. i figured \"eh, installers always suck, this might be ok\". updating with pacman or installing a program or two from the aur fuarrrked my soykaf up over, and over, and over. like i said earlier, i wouldnt recommend it, but if you do try it out, dont put too much effort into fixing things, its not worth the hassle. best arch is archbang imho.    5270  your gif scares me
Any lains bother messing with your bootloaders? Personally I had no real reason to until I was feverish today. But I get the feeling it's something you guys will appreciate.  3
Pretty cool actually
Mine's right here, OP.
is that grub? if so howd you customize it like that? ive played around with grub-customizer a bit but im curious how you got the boot options in the middle of your screen and got rid of the grub border/text.
yeah +1 on the question. i thought you flashed it in with magic leet skills or something but it's probably grub, right?
It's actually lilo, lol. The relevant bits of lilo.conf are as follows:   bitmap=/boot/lain.bmp bmp-colors=255,0,0,1,0,1 bmp-table=35,14,1,3,16,3 bmp-timer=42,17,1,,0    Unfortunately, lilo is rather limited in its drawing capabilities, so this config depends on exactly three boot options and your longest being exactly ten characters long for everything to align properly. lain.bmp is attached.
How many of you lains are using wayland? How much longer do you think it'll be before we get proper adaptation across the board?  Also, general X alternatives thread
Sounds really cool to me, also this    5227 
are you saying the stuff \"bloat\" that has been moved into the kernel is also present in X at the same time?  There is support in X for things, such as font rendering and window decoration, that are simply not used because they aren't the job of a display manager. They exist in different places but also are still in X. You have to reember that X was mad eback in 1980s when stuff like KMS didn't exists, so X handled it until it was moved into the kernel, leaving X with extra features.   What is \"captures\" and why is it obsolete?  (I'm only repeating what I've heard here, this is not guarenteed to be accurate) x11 has ways of grabbing the mouse cursor for various windows that wayland simply doesn't need to support, because in X the compositor and display server are different, but they are the same in wayland. Because X didn't know where the compositor was drawing the window it had to guess at mouse placement and supported \"capturing\" the mouse for different windows.  You might want to read the official wayland documentation for more details (it's not very long):  http://wayland.freedesktop.org/docs/html/index.html 
The page URL requested (/docs/html/index.html) does not exist.
It works on my machine :/
It now works for me, weird. Anyway, thanks for all the info!
send this information about this installation to Mozill NS A    Background update service.  
worries about NSA    uses Windows 7 
^^^^^^^ this
please go back to /g/
mozilla is only browser who adds feature to disable automatic updates    ^ gets bezerk thinking it's botnet   Please guys 
This thread has nothing of value, try again.
What are your thoughts on Freenet? if you havent tried it. go try it.  I personally think its a shame their arent plenty of sites migrating over to freenet.   i plan on transferring mine as soon as i get used to it.
I have used it for years, there are quite a few sites, and the speed isn't too bad once you have downloaded the ones you visit.   There is a lot of old unmaintained sites however  Freenet needs more users too.   I tried setting up a site, I had issues though my soykafty router didn't like it.
I've only ever used Tor and i2p. What goes on in Freenet land?
More so than Tor or i2p, Freenet excels at hosting static content in a distributed, undeletable manner. With Tor and i2p, you have to have a server storing your content somewhere, meaning it could get raided and taken down (eg what happened with Freedom Hosting). Not so with freenet, as the content is stored on the network itself, as it were.  Sadly, this means Freenet hosts a lot of CP.
Is the client still written in soykafty Java? That's one of the things that keeps me from using it.
Sadly, this means Freenet hosts a lot of CP.  You say that like it's a bad thing :-)
Hello, wise lains. I really want to get more into open-source software, specifically ubuntu or something of that nature. I don't really know much about it though, and with all the different names and versions it seems pretty confusing. Could anyone perhaps tell me a good one to start learning on, or maybe just drop me a helpful link or two? Would be much appreciated, with each passing day I am growing less and less fond of the idea of 'closed-source' software and it is about time I did something about that.
I went with Ubuntu first and now im using fedora I like it a whole lot better but ubuntu is more beginner friendly if your wanting to move to another distribution learn bash because it will help you out in the long run
I started using Ubuntu a few years ago. Lately, I've learnt bash, Python, a bit of Perl, and how to rice a lot. I use ranger for most things now, because it's strangely comfortable, OpenBox with tint2, and conky with two RSS scripts I made myself. I have an openSUSE 11.2 disk I'm planning on installing. I currently can't afford to download a more recent version, is it still worth it changing over to that one? I just love everything I've read and seen about YaST.
i run Lubuntu on my gaming box and debian on my server.  using linux is really easy, if something doesn't work just search the internet for a solution and apply the fix.   be careful with gui tools they can fuarrrk up your system if you're not careful. common gotchas include broken packages and unix file permissions. the command line may feel weird or inefficient but it's easier to learn than you may think and sooner or later you're probably going to need it :-)
Currently trying to get in to Linux. Getting all the software I need to run has been an up hill battle so far and nvidia drivers have destroyed my last two installations (Ubuntu/Xubuntu). I'm sticking at it though, thinking about trying CentOS, anyone got any experience with that one?
Ubuntu. If the amazon nonsense isn't to your liking then try xubuntu. Both have great user interfaces that are similar to windows / mac out of the box and require little configuration to install.  Operating systems such as arch are more barebones and better with system resources but are significantly more difficult to install.
anybody else really enjoy watching other people use a computer. Not like watching them but watching the screen, watching the mouse move, watching them type in commands watching how them convert videos with that ffmp command that i dont know and use ssh to grab a video from a seedbox.  It's also a lot easier to learn how to use vps', run servers, fun irc stuff by watching someone do it.   (dont know spoil command)i get the same feeling from watching character use tech. like in pic related(dont know spoil command)  your welcome to create webm's of you playing with your favorite linux distro and do fun soykaf to feed my fetish
Does anyone else put stickers on their laptops?

Indeed. We can order them individually or someone could order them online and we somehow give our postal adress and maybe money to that person.  Alternatively,  1. Print on.thick.paper (ink jet on glossy paper or color laser or something ) 2. Glue on/stick on with strong two-sided tape 3. ??? 4. Profit or not depending on skill and standarts for sticker quality
whats best is ordering usps and ups labels and printing on those
That way it is going to become soykaf after some time.  I've had something like pic related on the palm rest for 5 years and it's almost as good as new.  Materials: - Two-sided tape - Wide transparent tape - Paper  1) Create a sheet with logos, preferably with different sizes of the same logo, leave enough space between them. 2) Print on paper the logos, paper isn't really important, color laser will probably tolerate better humidity but otherwise inkjet is good too. 3) Look at which size looks better (also see 4) and roughly cut it out leaving some border 4) Cover the logo with transparent tape, it's better if there are no overlaps to prevent dirty lines in the future, also the tape should exceed a bit the logo's borders. 5) Place double sided tape on the underside, the tape should exceed a bit the logo's borders, it's ok if it overlaps as long you're able to remove the adhesive's protection later, you could also ignore this step by using label paper but I haven't tested it. 6) Cut out nicely the logo, remove the adhesive's protection and apply to laptop  The result can be pretty good and durable if the tape is good.
This sounds like a good idea.
Hello lains I am looking for a cloud storage to sync data between my computers at uni and at home. Since I am a student a free option would be the best.  Most of the stuff is notimportant and does not require stong encryption. However I don't really want to sell my stuff and soul to googleor dropbox. I cannot host it myself since I use the network of someone else and cannot configure port forwaring, etc.  Is there hope?
you don't understand the concept of btsync, you don't need to configure your network for using it     5118    Bittorrent sync is non-free software and the protocol isn't even documented, using something like encfs over common cloud providers stuff would be better.  yeah if that's a concern use something else, like what he says    5121   you could also use git and just push everything to bitbucket if it's less than 2 GB in size, if your data is not that important  also are there free software alternatives to owncloud   btsync, i'm really reluctant to run PHP on my soykafty vps for good reasons..
mail.ru has a 25gb cloud storage thats free if you have a email through them so thats what I use
I tried syncthing, but I pretty much melted my raspi and my laptop syncing overnight. I dont know if I did something wrong, but it would max the cpu on both out for whatever reason. Btsync didnt do that so I just went back to it. That being said I hope it gets some sort of security audit to back up its claims.     5120  The bittorrent protocol supports upnp so port forwarding on the router is not necessary to use btsync.
I'm in love.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GmailFS   also guy a cheap VPS for like 5-20 dollars a year.
Any thoughts on the Dell XPS 13? On 4chan and 8chan it has been debated. Havent heard from lainchan however
Terrible screen and unusable keyboard, no other thoughts needed.     5007    even the new Thinkpads are going in this direction.  Going? They were terrible before the Lenovo deal, two latest T and X series models dont have any ThinkPad qualities, none whatsoever. T/X60 is last somewhat usable model(s), but quality is already terrible and there two different keyboard switching mechanisms used, of which the cheaper is unusable.  Never were fan of the T series keyboard (from the first T20 onwards), liked the older taller keyboards much better.
hmm  i'm not a huge tech nerd so no, sorry.  i need to continue my rant though, what the fuarrrk am i reading:   Intel (R) HD Graphics 5500    no better options   http://www.notebookcheck.net/Comparison-of-Laptop-Graphics-Cards.130.0.html    Class 3    Low-Midrange Graphics Cards - Modern games should be playable with these graphics cards at low settings and resolutions. Casual gamers may be happy with these cards.     hard drives    256GB Solid State Drive    best option  what the fuarrrk?    On 4chan and 8chan it has been debated    people on 4chan and 8chan and myself have been successfully trolled by people posting about a soykafty laptop whose literally only remarkable property is a nice touchscreen   it's ok for coding i guess. not for me though because i'm making games so i need to be able to render a game at fullscreen, and if it can't do it fluently on full resolution, i can save 500$ by not buying this crap.
i did some more looking around and i guess there's not really \"good\" and \"bad\" brands much anymore. you just need to check the specs carefully for \"non-user-upgradable\" or \"0 slots free\" annotations in the ram section.  next thing they start soldering in the SSDs or something, ugh.
next thing they start soldering in the SSDs or something  Dont tell Apple ohsh..
The inspiron 7537 is pretty good. More or less the same machine but with an aluminium casing and a gt750m.
Is everything kill?   http://resources.infosecinstitute.com/nsa-bios-backdoor-god-mode-malware-deitybounce/   also hard drive malware?  are we all owned? thread.
Whats wrong with the T60? it can run libreboot also. Sorry i feel like I asked this too you before but never got a proper answer.  Thank you anyways your, info is always helpful.
is for    5065 
Oh yeah also why not use the other libreboot hardware baring the macbooks due to the camera?
I know I dumped a couple of these but they seems to cover a few fitting topics and they are well done   last one!
Oh, of course - any libreboot hardware is good. My mistake in only naming two examples.
I was just about to install Gentoo on my laptop (been using it a while on my desktop) when I remembered this exists.  Anybody use it? Is it worth trying out?
They're pretty similar, but Funtoo seems to add several changes that make mantaining it a little bit more comfy, among several changes to some ebuilds (\"packages\"). It also has 3 development channels instead of 2 like Gentoo; among other differences that they explain in their FAQ. That said, the userbase is much smaller so you might want to go for Gentoo first if it's your first time, then try Funtoo and decide which one you like better.
Okay, I've been using Gentoo for a while now on my desktop, liking it for the most part.  I guess I'll try Funtoo on the laptop and run them side-by-side a little while, see which I prefer.
Okay so I am fuarrrking sick of this soykaf and I don't know what is happening. Seriously what the fuarrrk. Firefox and Chrome, maybe it's just a thing with browsers. If you try and download something through the Chrome or Firefox client you get like 32kb/s no matter what. Do browsers limit your download speed so you can still use the browser without delay or is it completely fuarrrking retarded? If I just pop open a torrent client my download speeds are out of the roof. What is going on and why is this bitch so slow?
i have super slow internet but it works reliably. you two are experiencing an unidentified networking issue.
re-describe the scenario please:  you maximum internet speed is only 200kbytes/s, and if you start a HTTP download using your browser and THEN do something else that also needs bandwidth, the HTTP download gets slowed down and stays slow?
Somewhat off topic, however, I shan't waste a new thread on such a trivial question; What are good alternative browsers to use?
If you are looking for something other than Firefox/Chrom*, qutebrowser and qupzilla are some nice Qt/Webkit based browsers.
It's most likely the server you're downloading from. It'd be easier to take a guess if you gave us more information. Like what is your max speed when using torrents? What kind of connection do you have? What does your ISP suggest your speed should be? What does your router say your speed actually is? Why haven't you gone to www.speedtest.net yet?   Some more diagnostics would be great too. Where is the bottleneck? Is it your computer, your router, your ISP, the server you're downloading from? Your ISP should have an FTP with test files on it. Go look for that.   I'm still placing my bets on the server though. A lot of servers limit connection speed, but don't limit the number of connections you can make. This is why 'download accelerators' work. I use DownThemAll on Firefox. It's pretty nifty.
good night sweet prince
Convence people 
my methods are   use pidgin, it's super convenient    and OTR, since you're already on pidgin. Also, privacy!    since you're already on pidgin and OTR might as well use this other XMPP host for the hat trick 
Why do people think only skype or google can keep you in contact?  Tell all your bitches to use TOX? Mine do, and its all good!  Seriously google down  who gives a rats ass - party hard!
hangouts chrome app  Desktop app when? I use firefox
Well it looks like Gtalk still works.
Hi, /tech.  What kind of interfaces do CD writers typically support? How hard would it be to make one burn CDs following my own encoding and not the standardized one (or, for that matter, draw some pictures on the CD's shiny side)?
someone has done this  http://www.instructables.com/id/Burning-visible-images-onto-CD-Rs-with-data-beta/   i think how it works is that he calculates where the bits will be on the cd. if your cd's data density is different or something it will break :-)
oh and also this  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Optical_disc_drive#Computer_interfaces   i don't think you can easily remote control the parts of the cd-rom drive or something like that
i have multiple linux machines and windows machines i need to be able to use with one mouse+keyboard. synergy is buggy and i don't trust it so i want an alternative.  i believe someone mentioned a suitable software somewhere in a thread here on lainchan, but i can't find it, which is why i'm making this thread.
actually, i looked at the project a little closer which i should have done earlier and came to the conclusion that i should locate and fix the bugs and create a pull request instead of whining here. due to a bad firefox configuration, i cant delete this thread, mods feel free to do so, the rest of you can just ignore me :-)
Suggestions     || \\/
tts?
text to speech
Okay, so let's shift thread-objectives    Text-to-speech programs/gear?   Suggestions:    || \\/
new thread for that
no, its fine    5010  is better
Hey Lains,  Let's say I, or someone I know, is becoming interested in online privacy. However, the individual does not come from a tech background and has a limited understanding of computers and the internet (but of course is more than willing to learn). What is the best way to get him started?
In all respects :  http://www.deepdotweb.com/jolly-rogers-security-guide-for-beginners/   Granted the fuarrrktard had horrible opsec, but its a good guide.  Just a heads up, be careful only using Tails. TOR has its weaknesses, and Tails by itself (and no other distro) doesn't protect you from them. Learning more about TOR, and hosting your own nodes are a good idea.
Thanks for this.
I'm surprised no-one has asked this yet, so I'll do it: How do I electronics?
It was asked in     /diy/71 
So, vector displays.  I've seen oscilloscopes used as vector displays, seems like a nice DYI. But can you get a full, real vector display for a reasonable price?  Or would you need to slaughter a broken arcade cabinet or something?
decent    LCD 
Go look after a vectrx, soykafs rad
Yeah I can definitely understand why he likes the aesthetics. When I think vector graphics, I think aircraft HUDs. They're just so cool.
First of all, if you have an opinion then learn to articulate it. If you are just going to quote me and imply I was wrong then that really isn't a constructive conversation and it borders on trolling/soykaf drinking Now, for the topic. I don't know at which LCDs you have been looking at, but the main reason why most LCDs are bad is because sub-pixel distance and DPI I heard Apple made great improvements in that field(pic related)
I think aircraft HUDs  I think I remember something of lately that MIT created. Basically a glass that passes light of all spectrum except blue light. yep, here it is  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aw58MUciWw  I have been thinking of creating some HUD glasses or mask with little lasers near ears. Either with transparent OLED or this method.  the only problem that there isn't a big market for custom made OLEDs 
Recently I did a basic web search in startpage. I was looking for information about anti-keylogging software.  This page was in the among buried in came up.    http://www.wirelesssecured.com/index.php/resources/tips-and-tools/tools   I'd thought you might it interesting. seems to be a large list of hacking and network tools. But that raises the question. How complete, accurate and up to date is this thing?
Samefag.Oh and for added points they to this page.   http://www.vulnerabilityassessment.co.uk/Penetration%20Test.html   warning. its long.
thanks for this info. seems very useful
Might want to post this in the hacking thread on /cyb:     /cyb/1372 
Have you heard of any? How can people join them?
You mean, hackers' private communities? I know some but I am not at liberty to say.  Usually you can join by 'knowing' someone from there. How can you know them? By getting acquaintanted on more public sites.
Well this is the deal, /tech/. I've been trying to install GNU+Linux to this little old MacBook, more precisely, the 1,1 model (from 2006).  In this thread I'll be posting photos and documenting the soykaf I did and how much I suffered.  I'm currently on the way of making an Arch bootable USB, so I'll post everything I did till now and I'll continue posting as I take a step further on the install.
Actually, coreboot is available for my MacBook model. Not going to try that now that I got everything working tho.  I'm booting Arch perfectly fine on EFI! How did you fix it?, you may be asking.  Well, don't use GRUB, EFI Stub or any kind of soykafty boot loaders.  Syslinux was the one that worked for me.  Just did the Arch install normally, without formatting the EFI partition obviously. And then installed syslinux like it's described on the wiki for UEFI systems, besides the efibootmgr part.  Will post the config for my syslinux.cfg.  I'm happy
and here it is
not bad op, not bad at all.
I'm seriously impressed, nice work, Anon.
Thanks!  Also here's the syslinux.cfg, sorry, I forgot to upload it.     PROMPT 1  TIMEOUT 10  DEFAULT arch    LABEL arch          LINUX /vmlinuz-linux          APPEND root=/dev/sda3 rw          INITRD /initramfs-linux.img    LABEL archfallback          LINUX /vmlinuz-linux          APPEND root=/dev/sda3 rw          INITRD /initramfs-linux-fallback.img    This will obviously change depending on your setup.
I suppose I'll start.   Friend says that Siri will be the new Google.    We're no longer friends. 
i doubt it, but who knows. you can't pay in cash anyway so
we have a winner! 
I don't know how it works but anything with a barcode will trip the alarm. You're going to pass through the sensors whether you self-checkout or not.
That hurt so bad to hear, but honestly I could see some of the Windows fanboys i know saying this, which just makes it hurt even more.  Most of my friends and parents are get that people have things they want to hide but they are all too lazy to actually take any measures of security.
Have a flip phone    Alarm goes off    I'm not home    Mom approaches sister    Asks how to turn off the alarm    *pressing the screen* \"It just won't turn off\"   Evidently, my mom doesn't remember what came prior to touch screens 
Post your bitmessage address and let's be crypto pen pals. Also, bitmessage general. Anyone know any good chans or broadcasters?
what's the best way to access lainchan radio on mobile?
Save one of the playlists and open it with a music player. I can't recommend any good ones though as I don't have earplugs to listen to music from my phone.
I don't have earplugs to listen to music from my phone.     not being a slav blaring russian rap at 100% volume  uwotm8 sorry cannot resist the urge
Alright, lainons. I'm a Uni student. I don't want to pay for VPNs, and I don't want to get my dorm room internet shut off.  What's a bittorrent client that will let me put the upload speed, and upload peers to zero?  Pic unrelated.
Vuze  I've heard Vuze used to be quite high quality, however, as of recent, it's become unsafe. Downloaded it recently and a few PUPs and some malware was downloaded with it  I'dn't recommend.
For Linux: Transmission. For Windows: qBittorrent.  I use FrootVPN (free) and it just works. You should check out.
I have been wondering about FrootVPN.  Why is it free, and can we trust it?  Oh, and I agree with your program choices.
This. That's where I got my Vietnamese Caricatures while I lived in a dorm. If I needed to download anything else I'd just take a train back home to my parents' for the weekend.
I don't trust FrootVPN at all. Not one little bit. It's suspicious as dick, came out of nowhere and was advertised on a site which was radied publicly shortly after.  Install OpenVPN on a VPS or server you trust. Colocating at a municipal ISP is probably the best option.
Tell me about Windows 8.1 Lainanons.   My mother has an old laptop with Windows 7 that she'll probably need to replace soon, as she's started a new business and the old one is falling apart. She hasn't got time to learn a whole new interface. Is Windows 8.1 more traditional like some people say or is the whole interface still a touchpad clusterfuarrrk?   I've no experience with Windows 8 or 8.1.   If Windows 8.1 is still a clusterfuarrrk, I'll tell her to hold off til Windows 10 comes out, if 8.1 is something someone in their 50s can figure out after learning most of what they know about computers on XP and Windows 7, I'll help her buy a laptop now.
Again, keep in mind the user will be my mother rather than myself.   I foresee Windows 8.1 being a hassle for my mother if it's the more or less the same deal as Windows 8, which from what I gather was terribly touch-screen based.   The main thing I foresee confusing and annoying my mother is that it boots to an apps screen rather than the desktop, and that the traditional start button isn't immediately visible.   If 8.1 can be made simply boot to the desktop like Windows 7, then that's fine. If Windows 8.1 makes the laptop act like a giant smartphone, I can see that hindering my mom who's only mildly computer literate.   She needs a new laptop, but one with an OS that's familiar to her. All laptops being sold around us are on Windows 8.1. Even the vast majority being sold online in our country are on Windows 8.1 (We're in Ireland).     4919   Classic Shell and Start8 looks like a pretty strong solution possibility to the familiarity requirement. Thank you for showing them to me.
Windows 10 is getting a launch soon. Try and hold out till release, decide what you will do then.
Windows 8 appreciatist here. I'd say hold off till Windows 10 unless you absolutely need to, but if your mom is level-headed and open to seeing one old feature changed, then she'll have no problem using Windows 8/8.1 as it's pretty much a better Windows 7 but with the start menu converted into a screen.   There is no \"whole new interface\" aside from that and charms, and if you want to get out of the start screen, you just hit the windows key or click on the desktop tile. If I can teach my now-retired accountant uncle how to navigate Windows 8's start screen in less than 10 minutes and without the classic shell/start 8 bullsoykaf, then you can too.   8.1 is just 8 with a retarded start icon to bring up the start screen.
Thanks for the advice fellas.   I mentioned the things said in this thread to her, and she said she's aware that Windows 10 is coming out in the Summer, and can hold the line until then.   From what I can see from Google Windows 10, it looks like the OS Windows 8 should be, a medium between the features they were trying to introduce and the traditional layout Windows has always had, which I think will better suit everyone.
Agreed. Just don't make the mistake I did and wait for it to come out before switching. Been riddled with DirectX issues, crashes, corrupted files and had it completely die on me.
So my waifu keeps trying to setup OSX in a VM  but never gets past OSX loading screen.  So many versions - She does not care if it is Lepard, Tiger, Pussycat, whatever - she just wants OSX avalible in some way  is VM a problem? What is the most reliable compatible version/build?  My PC is cpu Q9300, 8GB ram, Win 7 64bit.  Any info appreciated.
You need a specially patched OSX image to boot on a regular PC. you could try fallowing any blog post on how to patch the darwin kernel by yourself or  you could search for  'OSX86' or 'Hackintosh' on your favorite torrent site.
os x is all about video acceleration. In a VM you won't get that. It will be a bad experience. Purchase a old 2008 macbook pro, or hackingtosh something. Stay away from a vm.
my hackintosh runs a vanilla kernel. no modifications, native acpi and everything. The only thing not standard is the boot loader which is clover. depending on op's motherboard and video card op could just hackintosh. its way better than a vm.  the most reliable version is a stock 10.10 image / installer.
OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion VMware Image - fail OS X Mavericks 10.9 Retail VMware Image - fail Chameleon-2.1-r2069.iso - fail  I just keep hanging around the apple logo?!  Not bothered by performance - just want to get a VM mac of some sort running - partly for the sake of it partly might be useful?  Anyone know of a VM image or setup for a VM to follow that works (Oracle VirtualBox)?  Which versions would be best suited for my requirments - i.e. easy work in VM don't care about version?
I was able to launch OS X 10.8.2 in VirtualBox. You need at least 2048 MB of RAM for that VM and two HackBoot images.  http://lifehacker.com/5938332/how-to-run-mac-os-x-on-any-windows-pc-using-virtualbox  I think this guide will help. As for OS image, not so sure. I nicked one at some Russian torrent tracker.
I wanna buy a battery for my S3, what should i know? Where to buy, what brands to not buy, guides etc.
try etechparts.com
No S3 batteries there
So just the otherday - mid surfing  I get (pic related).  So I thought it might be they just blocked my VPN  no my other machines work ok with same VPN?  I also use agent spoofer plugin so thought that changing profile might sort it out?   no using this PC I can not access 8chan (even without VPN) - what wizardry do they have that can identify me (I use FF with all the privacy plugins).  Works ok if I use a VM from this PC   How can they do this? - not as Anon as I thought   Any explination to how they do this most helpfull - Also any explanation on how I may bypass this without having to use VM everytime I want to browse 8chan?
plugins  have a few obscure plugins but are dissabled - nvidia 3d vision. Extensions (pic related)
and errr.. on w-w-win 7 64bit - work has to be Win 7 or 8 64bit Native.   inb4 dead man walking 
Now also same when goto thepiratebay.se  wot is this soykaf?
ok so now- only a few hrs later I am blocked from  https://nano.lainchan.org:8888   and get pic related?  It says my ip is 62.210.99.163 - that is not my IP? It seems to be from france and is redirected to lainchan.org? how can 8chan block lainchan mirror but just for me?  Very confused - should I reformat C:, crush the pc, burn the house  start over again in deep dark jungle?
Found problem! Doh!  Ref control - was spoofing duckduckgo.com - that was the problem! set to send no referrer - fixed!
So, a CCC attendee has reported being forced to reveal their disk encryption keys before boarding a plane in Europe. This bothers me, as an active user of disk encryption, quite a lot.  One solution that I see to this problem is leaving your HDD home when travelling and taking a liveUSB system with you. I use Arch for my everyday work, but it doesn't seem like the best choice for a liveUSB setup because its not exactly the most space-efficient distro out there. Is there some Arch-based distro specifically oriented at liveUSB usage (I'd love to keep using pacman)?  Do you see any other solutions?
Sandisk Cruzer Edge 8GB* 
I like this idea, but my use case is probably sort of uncommon. Since Mint doesn't auto-update I end up wiping my sdd once or twice a ear after moving everything to an external hdd. Just put everything there and leave it at home and put whatever I really need on my trip in da cloud. As far as music goes I buy my cds from amazon so I can just settle for the mp3 version through their web player while I'm out
Gb!
They need an actual search warrant to compel you to reveal your password, legally it's the same as a combination to a safe.  A physical device such as a key or a security token can simply be used if found iirc.  This is in the US anyway.
No one's ever asked me to turn my laptop on in an airport, but I have it booting straight into Windows by default. To boot my main OS I need my bootloader, which I store somewhere else. I don't think I can expect anyone at airport security to be looking past the log in screen.
so i made the mistake to rent a vps from those fuarrrking fuarrrkers  https://www.netcup.de/   after about a year of running a non-exit relay tor node they kill my server \u007fbecause it says in their AGB i shouldnt   mfw they sniffed my traffic    mfw it took them 9 months to find out    mfw they shut down my server after sending one email, which i never recieved because it was my fuarrrking email server    mfw in their crappy webinterface there is NO HINT on why the machine is down or what's wrong   so i need a new host, any ideas fellow lainons?  3
aw yeah i forgot, i'm a poor student that just needs to run a little website and a couple of small node.js instances, maybe ~100gigs disc space max, nothing fancy, but it needs to be cheap-ish
Amazon?
try  http://lowendbox.com/  and  http://lowendstock.com/ 
i considered that but last time i used an amazon vm (during their campaign where you could do so for free for a while) the shell was really laggy which was annoying. also i don't need a specific thing like bandwidth or cpu, i need something that behaves like a small rootserver  maybe i just don't understand AWS, feel free to correct me     4842  looks like a good place to dig, thanks a lot
Greetings, Lainons.  I've been meaning to upgrade my PC without spending more than I have to, and I keep seeing an 8 core, 3.5 - 4 Ghz CPU in the requirements.  Less than 2 years ago, it was common knowledge that an 8 core CPU was a waste for gaming, since it couldn't use more than four. Has that changed, or is the recommended spec just nonsense?  A cute girl for your troubles.
I see that this has been moved to /tech/. I judged /rpg/ to be the best board, as it involves the technical specifications of video games, but I apologize for posting in the correct board.
While console games (PS and so on) are optimized for- and run on all those dozens of cores, PC games normally only do some AI logic and other small-ish things on the CPU while the GPU does all the heavy lifting, even the physics.  My strongest machine is running on some kind of lame i5 which was never a problem, even when playing RTS games, it was always the GPU that would cause it to lag or something.   I'm not expert and I don't actually know more than you, *nudge nudge experts, post something*, but if I were you, i'd wait until your games actually don't run smoothly anymore and upgrade then. May be soon, may still be 1-2 years in which Moore's law will cheapen them considerably. I will do so, anyway.
you probably still want single threaded performance for games.
Developers for newer platforms are working with 8 core processors. Many have been forced to take advantage of multithreading in order to get much out of the consoles. I'm running an FX8150 and it seems to be more than enough. My laptop runs just fine and it has a dual core haswell i5. As always, it is a consideration of future proofing. But if you are on a tight budget  don't worry too much about getting an octi-core CPU
Hello there Lains, I want to get into radio tech, I know this sounds somewhat outdated but I really want to gain knowledge in that field. It even has some practical value to me because I would like to receive some radio-channels which are broadcasting on shortwaves.   Buying an shortwave receiver is not really an option, these are quite expensive, so I thought about building one by myself. This would teach me something both about electronics and radio tech and gaining this knowledge is my first priority, receiving these shortwave channels is second.  What would you recommend?
Former Air Force Ground Radio maintenance here (AFSC 2E1X3, later changed to 3D1X3).  It's not outdated. Anything that transmits or receives data wireless is using some RF spectrum of some sort.   If anything, as we continue to 'cut the cords' with future tech, the spectrum is only going to become more and more crowded and we'll have to manage with more efficient modulation methods or narrow bandwidth.  Not sure what you're trying to get into specifically, but if it is anything to do with what I had to learn as a maintainer then you'll have to learn the basics first. (Unless you just want to be a HAM/CB hobbyist listening to NASA and truckers.)  I'll see if I can hunt down an old CD from my training days to upload the pdf files. But here's an example from the EP course. The first class is very basic:  http://www.rcptv.com/spacetec-dl/usaf/vol-2%20%20unit%201%20electronic%20principles.pdf        4349  That HackRF Blue looks awesome! :D
Just gonna drop this hear:  http://websdr.ewi.utwente.nl:8901/   enjoy :)
If you're still around I'd highly appreciate it if you could post some of those .pdf files :)
I'am also would appreciate it.
Was about to post this.  You don't need to get a shortwave receiver when the lovely Netherland folk have made this website streaming all live shortwave radio frequencies for you to access.
Has anyone here configured openVPN for use before? what's the opinion of using a vpn with a vps you have somewhere?  I'd be using this on campus from my laptop  pic unrelated
what's the opinion of using a vpn with a vps you have somewhere?  From what perspective? If you want to try and bypass filters or your ISP performs nasty things to your traffic (e.g. ads injection or header manipulation for tracking purposes) it could work. Metadata will still be there.
ahh forgot objective - on campus wifi is really restrictive of ports so for exmaple I can't ssh or IRC on campus. VPN would be to get around that.
I have it running on my VPS, works pretty damn well and I haven't found a firewall that bothers to block UDP 1194 yet.  Getting the PKI (public-key infrastructure) set up is kind of confusing if you've never done it before, but once you have that going it's pretty easy to configure.  I believe this is the guide I used:  http://www.thegeekstuff.com/2013/09/openvpn-setup/   After you follow that, you'll have to make sure redirect-gateway is enabled, and that your VPS has net.ipv4.ip_forward=1 in sysctl.
Why a VPS to do something like a VPN? Why you just don't buy a board like Sabre lite? VPS have logs, and they know what and how you're running your stuff.
I do have an odroid c11 sitting around that I'm currently not using at home, this might be a good use for it.
What do you guys think of FirefoxOS? I've never had a smartphone before because I don't like Apple or Google, but I was thinking maybe this could be the option for me. Maybe not though.
I was asking about the OS, not the browser, but okay.
sorry - my mistake  did not mean to derail. but glad someone found them usefull.  Back to FF OS!
i'm going to try it on my N9 as soon as i get it it looks promising, but i can't say without trying it!
I was in the same situation. I have problems with both Google and Apple, so I give a shot at it. Sincerely, it's very nice, specially when you consider the price.  For me, it has the same advantage that Firefox has that is native MathML support, so I can put my math notes in it as I wish.  Is seems way easier also to develop something for the system, even if it's an app that's just a book or something, just for yourself.  I recommend.
http://www.linux.org/threads/installing-firefox-os-on-linux.6096/      4661   You make me want to try it. Hopefully it's now possible to run it in Firefox, as I don't find any recent informations about installing it on the Motorola Defy Plus
Does anyone know of any Linux distros that work well with AD DS? Roaming profiles   home folders, network shares, GPOs for rolling out printer drivers and the like?  Alternatively, is there a linux equivalent to Active Directory? I'd assume something like RHEL would, given the name alone, but I've never used it.
About 70 users, and a little over that for workstations.   Figured if you're going to remove XP, might as well look for a way to transition to a free alternative for the new machines, but if it can't play well with AD and the current infrastructure, it'll probably just be easier and cheaper to stick with Windows.
Do as you wish, but for security, stability and for me, ethical reasons, i'm gonna hope you see the end of Windows on your workplace one day
ethical reasons  Care to elaborate? It's not like Windows is built out of the bones of genocided poor people or anything.
Call me an autist, but I choose open source/free software over proprietary any day.  For me, using windows is like using a car you can't look under the hood on, you can't do your own maintenance on it or know if its about to explode or not. And if it breaks, then you either have to wait for the vendor to come and update your car, or just buy a new one.  Having windows in your workplace is locking them down to the monopoly that is proprietary closed source software, which won't end well in the end. Its well prooven and documented that proprietary software is insecure, has backdoors and often just more buggy  Thats just my view though
I agree, but highly question your use of the term \"ethical\".
Have any of you used \"Tabs for a Cause\" before?  I downloaded the extension because I thought it was great - in concept. After using it for a day, all it's done is made my new tabs laggy as hell, not to mention that by the time I navigate away from their site, it hasn't even counted my new tab as opened yet.  This doesn't seem like a great extension for your average power user. Thoughts?
willingly participate in a botnet    using bloat      Power user   I rate this bait 1/10. Please go away and never come back.
This is now a tabs thread.  I wrote a statusbar (really a wrapper around dzen) that displays all of the windows in the workspace, and set xmonad to fullscreen mode. I now have workspace+tab support for all of my windows. Glorious terminal browser interop, without touching either of them.  Pic related
with all that lin/g/o I think you're the one who needs to leave
Dear Technomen,  I've tried more than once to build a set of scripts that would allow me to have my terminal emulator (terminator) adapt/take on/ the color currently used in gvim. What I'm struggling to understand is how the basic 8/16 colors are 'structured'. It seems to me that all of them should in theory by contrasting to each other.   My naive approach of just exporting all distinct colors of a theme and them picking 16 at random doesn't really produce outstanding result - colors are muddy, mismatched or not contrasting enough.  My next take on this is to: - Extract background/Foreground colors of the normal mode and set is as bg/fg in terminator - Extract guifg colors of the 16 most basic 'highlight groups' in vim (eg. Statement, String, etc)  This assumption is that these colors most likely must in harmony, becasue they seem to be in gvim. I'm turning to you for general tips on how to implement this (high level concept) or alternative concepts. Most of my scripts so far has been based on this source -  http://sleepanarchy.com/build-a-bootstrap-theme-from-a-vim-color-scheme/ 
terminator  First and final mistake.
Elaborate. But bloat is not any of my concern.
My bad, it's Rox Term which I'm using after all.
I want to buy some sort of japanese laptop that is japan only.preferably with only japanese characters on the keyboard. like the phones they have where its kinda weird but awesome. something alittle more weird than the lemote but not that dual screen laptop. any help would be very appreciated
Even Japanese laptops have both English and Hiragana on the keys. Why do you want one? They're nothing special at all unless you're very loyal to a certain brand..which it sounds like you're not since you're asking for a recommendation.
have you seen those old japanese \"smart\" flip phones, theres something weeird and charming about them. plus i touch type so it owuld be cool to have a keyboard that confuses people + its a added security features against normies. i just love the charm of that \"type i guess idk how to put it\" of japanese tech
Dear Technomen,  I use a linux machine with thunderbird to check e-mail. I don't mind getting e-mail immediately 9-5 when I'm at the office, but I'd like to be able to have that single work-related account go offline when I'm not officially working.   I looked around the addon marketplace but nothing came up, I know there's the 'offline mode' - but that's global for the whole application. Also, there's polling-frequency setting - but I don't want to have to go and change it all the time.  Given that I'm running linux, I was thinking I could script something that would edit my /etc/hosts so that thunderbird wouldn't be able to fetche messages.  Is this a stupid idea? Any other suggestions? E-mail related stress I guess welcome too.
That's a nice workarond - it would mean that'd I need to restart thunderbird when chaning modes of operation, but that's managable. Thanks for thinking outside the box.
OP, do you know what pic is about?
Had it in my wallpaper folder for a long time. I didn't remember but assumed just freeform graphic design. Reverse image search led me here:  http://www.michaelpaulyoung.com/ 
Exchange thunderbird for mutt.
I might just as well, I tried at least twice but wasn't patient enough to survive through the whole transition and config.
UMPC thread. I don't have one, but would love to learn about yours.
Looks like crap
It looks like it would be really difficult to use, with the keyboard being so small.  Blackberries had a similar problem. Of course, smartphones probably have even smaller keys, so who knows.
Thinking of selling it because you can't do anything interesting on them, and I carry around a ThinkPad so I don't really need its portability either. How much should I sell it for? I've been seeing these pop up on ebay for $500+ still.
Have always wanted one of these, always been too expensive, first just too expensive then too expensive for what they were.  Sure its a fun toy though.
what model is this? love to run kali or xubuntu on one
I'm not sure where's the best place to ask this, but what's the best Linux distro for someone who just wants to write and read documents? I'm giving them a shiny T60.
How is it hard?  Updating? I dont know, let someone who doesnt know anything about Linux (or operating systems in general) update your choice of distro and count how many large updates can be applied before the system is broken. In theory, its easy, but in reality it isnt, because at some point, something will need manual tinkering (editing configuration files, using cli) and at this point the ignorant user will curse and blame everything and everyone except himself and call his \"tech support\" guy to come and install Windows.
Have you used linux recently? The ubuntus Just Werk(tm)
hmm im using an ubuntu derivate and i regularly fix package shit by hand maybe i didnt find the right menus or something but the repos are sometimes down or not updated to the current version and some of the gui updaters would need some more love imo to be actually friendly
How many times you have succesfully updated Ubuntu without anything breaking (i.e without the need fix things manually) from version to another, say, from 12.10 to 13.04? Or the update which changed default init system? How smoothly did that go?

So, I've owned a MX Blues Razer BlackWidow for a couple of years and that was my first mech keyboard so now I want to get rid of this ricer piece of shit. I'm looking at a 60% Keyboard and I hear the KBT Race is actually pretty good. I'm also thinking of gettting MX Reds for it since I don't play that many games anymore and I'd get this keyboard for typing mostly. What is /tech/ opinion on this thing?
A rubberdome keyboard.  Model M are offlimits, I said no ricer shit but a compromise between functionality and aesthetic is necessary here.
A rubberdome keyboard  They are mechanical keyboards.    aesthetic is necessary here  So, what do you expect and what exactly is wrong with Model F or M 84, 104 or 122 key keyboards aesthetics wise? If you are looking at keyboard while typing, you a have problem, which usually can be fixed. If your whife nags at you because of keyboard, you have a problem, which can be fixed.
There is already a official mech keyboard thread.    1740 
+
redundant.
In this thread, we discuss the unsung advantages of certain hardware. For instance, one thing that's really nice about laptops with USB at the back (pic related) is that you can easily reach a USB cable up out of your shoulder bag to your phone if it's running low and let it charge.
Looks like Lenovo garbage to me. Why would you suspect yourself to the torture that is laptop usage? You dont do any real field work anyway.
*20 series and older still count as Thinkpads even if they're Lenovo, and don't be so presumptuous about other people's usage requirements or lifestyles.  For instance, I'm a PhD student, and I have a laptop (X220) because I'm always on the move, and I like having a machine which is good enough for my simulations, to demonstrate stuff at conferences, and for my emulators/chinesecartoons. Also I'm a dedicated GNU/Linux user and it's great to have a device which works so well OotB.  W.r.t. Thinkpads, I absolutely love the Thinklight, the clit, and how easy it is to set battery stop/start charge thresholds.
USB  i like machines that have  =4 usb slots so i don't have to buy a hub i like laptops with good battery life, and batteries that dont get fubar after only a year or two i like CPUs with few cores (virtual or otherwise), because having  =8 introduces all kinds of bottlenecks in many softwares during non-parallelized tasks   i want 2x the resolution screens for the same price, COME ONE it's 2014 and my body (and my gpu) are ready 
*20 series  What is that supposed to mean? You mean T-series T20 (that is IBM) or T420 or X series X20 or what?    still count as Thinkpads even if they're Lenovo  Everything that has Thinkpad printed on it, is a Thinkpad, doesnt matter what you or me decide to call it. For me, none of the T series (starting from the first T20) Thinkpads have build quality or design that is suitable for less-than-ideal field work. 600X was still pretty well built, but keyboard was already so-so.    Also I'm a dedicated GNU/Linux user and it's great to have a device which works so well OotB.  You mean the device, which has continuing (started with T40, still happening with T420) problem with not turning display back on when resuming from hibernation/suspend? Usually happens with blanking when NOT inside of X server too. With Linux you need to check that your hardware is supported and has drivers. Integrated gpus, especially Sis, used to problem, but now that its mostly Intel HD or dedicated Nvidia gpu, 90% current or recent laptops work just as well with Linux as Thinkpads.  Have you tested Dell Latitudes and Precisions? Clit is not as good as Trackpoint, or its just little different, and keyboard is trash, just like keyboards of any post-millenia Thinkpad, but build quality and design is whole lot better. They almost exclusively have IPS screens too. And at least in Europe, they are just as readily available as used Thinkpads and are cheaper than similar specced (used) Thinkpad.
My fonts look like crap on my windows system, compared to my linux and mac OS setups. Is it possible to fix this somehow? Picture related Also, which fonts are you using?
the windows fonts a anti aliased by default for better readability, its a thing your gpu does  turn off smooth fonts (or whatever the fuck is called) in the graphics performance menu of windows
or get a thinner font from  http://www.dafont.com/theme.php?cat=503 
I just spend 100 shekels to give Volafile HTTPS support.  What is lainchan working on?
It's not under the GPL, but as stated above the source code is on Github for people subscribed to it,
You should be able to find a game engine or at least graphics library with many features for any language and platform, and probably also a FOSS one.  But yes, the main reason I said that was because writing a full-blown game engine only so you can create a game is a huge overkill, since the engine will most likely be  95% of the work.   If it's a 2D engine and it becomes usable at one point, please share though.
Read this:  http://scientificninja.com/blog/write-games-not-engines 
what engine would you have me use?  state your needs and we will tell
I'll be straightforward, if I had to share a file your service would be the last I'd ever use. You are literally sitting all day looking at uploaded files. Oh what's in this archive? I don't own the password, delete.  Listen I understand that no one wants diaper crap or so called terrorist stuff on their server, but usually file farms have report functionality and automated scans.  You should take a look at how pomf and mediacrush manages their site it is a way better approach.  That said the concept is great.
I just started using tox; utox on my desktop, antox on my s3.  Is there any way to use the same tox id for all my devices? I've been using skype and my friends say it's inconvenient trying to use multiple devices to talk to me who also has multiple devices.
after a (shamefully short amount of) googling (sorry) i found my answer:  \"This is a proposal. It is not yet implemented. It is not necesarily technically feasible. It is merely a starting point for discussion and documentation. \"  Realistically, is there a decent Skype alternative at this time? Something that I can share across devices, make video calls, maybe keep a window on top, but most importantly, has a deletable history?
for Desktops and Laptops, backup the config.json, data, and tox.db files in /.config/tox and put them in the same location on the other device. I'm not sure how to do it on antox though, Sorry.
Discuss Macbook Pros   What do you use it for.    How does it interest you.    What model interests you or what one do you have. 
They can't stand nearly the rough treatment thinkpads can. Sure, they're durable for day-to-day use being made of aluminium and all, but the moment you drop one the case warps and you have an entire shell panel to replace if you want to fix it. I sold my early 2008 non-unibody (which was considerably more durable than my friends' unibodies, strangely enough) for a t410s and haven't looked back. I will say, though, everything pre-retina is a real treat to take apart. Save for the occasional pentalobe in the newer ones, the guts are really pleasant to work with.
They can't stand nearly the rough treatment thinkpads can.  Get the fuck out, none of the T series ThinkPads i've had (and had to use in less than ideal work environment), that is T20, T30, T42, T60 and finally T400, didnt last more than year and half without every plastic part getting broken, hinges getting loose and deattached, screen connectors getting broken and not to speak of overheating problems that especially T42 and T60 had (inadequate cooling). Except for little crack in plastic, i did not have these problems with 600X, in other words that was well built ThinkPad, unlike its successors.  Yes, your claim may be valid, but comparing garbage to another piece of junk is pointless.  One thing often mentioned is that FRU's are easily replaced in ThinkPads and while it is true, every business class laptop competitor, for example Dell's Latitude and Precision series are even more servicable.
get the fuck out  That's a bit extreme. We're both going off anecdotal evidence here. In my personal experience, my t410s has been a tank, but my macbook pro fucked up half its screwholes with one little warp of the metal from a drop.
Being an asshole is good for business.    We're both going off anecdotal evidence here. In my personal experience, my t410s has been a tank  Sure, but it just pisses me off when people praise and give unrealistic claims about product when it simply isnt true. ThinkPads are not built like tanks. I do agree about the fact that ThinkPads used to be well made and pretty durable given the limits of the materials, size and general design philosophy, but T series onwards they are not worth the praise, they are just overpriced laptops for business market. Of course, used, they might possess nice value for consumer.  If you ever have change to get your hands on any 600 series ThinkPads, you will see that T series onwards the build quality and internal design is much worse. Oh yeah, the keyboard went shit 600x T20 also.  I would not even acknowledge the existence of MBP's, they are just disgusting, well they have better screens than any current or recent ThinkPads, but thats it. They have no future, they dont stand prolonged usage and that chicklet keyboard, holy mother of God! I can only guess how much those will raise RSIs in heavy laptop users.
School, programming, random stuff    Just werks, has a bash shell, saves me time    Latest 13'' Retina MBP 
fuck this is awesome
Power cable?
They can push the same amount of power through a few cables the thickness of a strand of hair now.
What terminal emulator is your favorite?
will load noticeably faster, and well take up less space on your system. xterm is bloated as all hell  Yeah, sure.  http://invisible-island.net/xterm/xterm.faq.html#bug_rxvt      1118    Seriously though I can't wait for the Xorg to fucking die.  You dont know what your hoping for. Anything else on this list of be-gones of yours?
I have no sympathy either. Have you ever tried programming for Xorg directly? Somehow it manages to be worse than Win32 API.
Guake all the way, my friend. The ability to hit a key and have my terminal pop right up at any time at all is unmatched by any other emulator I have used.
worse than Win32 API  Well, that can imply Xorg being pretty decent, unless you're Redmond hater with passion.
Doesn't GNOME Shell have a similar concept built right in?
I know lots of the lainers over at λ would be using git but does anyone use it for non-programming purposes?
I use it for everything which I might want to restore to a prior version or and back-up.  Configuration. Writing. That sort of thing.
I use git to sync my Pelican personal blog across multiple computers.  I host a bare repository in one of my servers and then i git clone my blog to start writing / continue writing a post. It may be in my personal computer at home or at college. Then i do use Pelican's build system to ftp upload to my blog site and git push to back up the sources in my server.
I store my uni notes on Github cause I write them in Markdown
Messing with people is one thing it's good for. There's supposed to be a 'feature' related to this. I couldn't find the link.  https://help.github.com/articles/why-are-my-commits-linked-to-the-wrong-user 
Well, you can host a static site on it, but that kind of programming related.
I have this script in Tampermonkey now. I am trying to migrate it over to Firefox but I have no idea what to do. Can you help me with get this extension working on my new navi?
tampermonkey   lolwut?
im not him, but FYI it's like greasemonkey but for chromium
