I'm getting my way through Dirty Pair I've seen Akira I've seen the first Ghost in the Shell I've seen Battle Angel Alita  What's next on the cyberpunk anime list that I should check out?
Accel World, it's no masterpiece and mostly post-cyberpunk but it's ok.
You sir. I thank you. Obscure gems must be brought back into the light.
Watch Time of Eve (or Eve no Jikan, however you want to call it). It's mostly post-cyberpunk and futuristic, but it seems to have a deep sci-fi flow to it, such as the implementation of androids, robot cafes, and even the three laws of robotics by Isaac Asimov.
i just finished watching this recently. really worth it.  im looking for some cyb anime with a revolution or hacking can someone recommend something?  animes ive watched and loved steins;gate eden of the east time of eve code geass (i dont usually like mechas)
oh and of course darker than black
why do weebs swear allegiance to japan? People who watch cartoons from other countries doesnt feel loyal to them.
Today at work I interviewed a guy who proudly told us that he was an Otaku
What was he like?
otaku    pride    seeking employment   Pick one.
seeking employment  Sometimes we have to do terrible, degrading things to secure funding for more figures and BDs.
He was a sort of well dressed black dude with no car. Seemed okay I guess.
Since we have at least 5 Nichijou lovers on this board this is a Nichijou thread for Nichijou related images
http://windowsmillenium2000.deviantart.com/gallery/ 
thanks im going to go die now  but before i leave, heres a pic that hasnt been posted yet
Summer coming to a close soon. Was so happy to find that there was wallpaper size version of this.
Yuuko is too cute. I think of all the characters that I have ever seen, she has been the cutest. She's not a generic loli or moe machine, but a funny character that's just too cute not to want to hug. Too cute!

Is anyone afraid of starting a new anime? The last one I have ever seen was Here and There, Then and Now. It was a nice anime, but I'm too afraid to even start anime anymore. It's been at least a one half to a year before. It would take me at least a year or two to consider such a thing, but I would never start a new one.  I'm thinking of taking the plunge into Serial Experiments Lain, but I'm afraid of falling in love with Lain. I just have that feeling.  When I was a kid, I used to watch anime like it was nothing. I would watch a series in one day and start another the next day.   So, what are your fears in anime? It can be anything you don't like or things in anime that you plain don't like.
I'm afraid of falling in love with Lain  Everyone falls in love with her.
Please watch SEL.
You should fall in love with her.
I kind of know what you are talking about OP. I pretty much cannot watch anime anymore. If it's just something light and silly that I could watch and forget about, it feels disgusting and I get out quickly. Ones that are 2deep4me enough make me unusable for at least a week, so most of the time I won't start to avoid compications.
Oh and another thing: I just cannot stand embarrassing scenes. Whenever a main or recurring character does something that is or will likely end up being embarrassing, I feel embarrassed too, sometimes even before the character. Makes a lot of stuff hard if not impossible to watch.
Screw your moe shit. you should watch this   unless watching it makes you uncomfortable since it draws parallels between your real life which you don't want to be confronted with in a medium you watch to escape the very reality    Its really good
the only other anime ive watched completely is samurai champloo
Another thing that looks good that ended up in development hell.    the engine test link doesn't work so can't even see what it's like :(      1870  This and Ressentiment have been sitting at the top of my mang reading list for over a year now. Was waiting for Oyasumi to finish before starting on it. Keep seeing positive sounding responses about it so must be worth the read.     1733  The book felt way more intense probably because of the psychedelics and less going out on the town and buying things adventures. Yamazaki was more 'interesting' in the book in some ways too. I was pleasantly surprised by the book anyway. It's quite short and easy to read so pdf on the computer is tolerable if no e-reader or physical copy is available to you..
Screw your moe soykaf.   Wha-!? Was this before the word filters?
I want it.
You are the company you keep,   the information you consume,   and the information you create.  You are the story you tell yourself every day.   You are molding yourself into that person you describe anon, but is it who you want to be?
Who's your favourite 2hu?
I feel bad for liking only 10.5 and 12.3 (the fighting games), but my favourite is Remilia. Not only is her personality really amusing, she's also fun to play.
yes.
Momiji a woo.   A WOO!
awoo~
I haven't yet played any of the games (it's on my ever expanding to-do list) and haven't looked too deeply into the series, but I really like Marisa. I guess I'm just into tomboyish characters. I've bought two figures of her so far (I collect figures in general).  I've listened to the music too. IOSYS has some great songs, but as far as normal remixes and covers go this is my favorite so far (7:16-8:16 in particular):   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ESA63E6SzgE 
What are your favorite cyberpunk animes, preferably in order from this sweet jesus this is amazing to bretty gud.    inb4 Serial Experiments Lain   I was thinking of starting Psycho-Pass, Texhnolyze, Ergo Proxy, Steins;Gate, Neon Genesis Evangelion, Wonderful Days, or some of the other Ghost in the Shell movies/shows (only seen the original movie), not sure what order to watch these in.
Demonbane  It's a magepunk anime where the writers had to deliberately make the MC the lazy bum, college dropout antithesis to stereotypical courageous shounen heroes who have everything go right for them in life.  There was a line where too much courage, resolve and compassion would've caused him to eventually break at least a couple universes in order to rewrite reality itself and save every tragic casualty both good and questionably evil.  Basically, it's like Lain in that it's a show about a technology-themed, reality-warping god. Except DB's god is a hotblooded lolicon who fought to fix the world rather than erasing his own existence. He's also the grandfather of one love interest because fuarrrk the linear progression of time.  On the other hand, I wouldn't recommend it towards those who watch cyberpunk to wallow in sadness and depression.
Don't remind me of this. It was unwatchable.
Tailenders, Redline and Dead Leaves were quite enjoyable. They all have this solid black shading in common and share in general a fancy style.
already a cyberpunk anime thread up     let's just make another one for fun 
I don't have a lot of walls on this machine yet, but here's a dropbox of minimalist wallpapers!   https://www.dropbox.com/sh/qrx4e04rfwdnw9q/VKqfolLoqd 




Hey /w/eebs, gonna stay up late, what new anime should I marathon, that I can watch nonstop in 5 hours?
I really liked Barakamon Nice little 12 episode series
i just found Bakuman. watch it.   its not cyb though. **dont know if that what your looking for**
Daimidaler
Alright, bad subs thread. Post screens of shitty subs you've seen.
bump
bad subs are best subs
gg had plenty of those back in the day. They would troll-translate some things for soykafs and giggles.
Had crush on girl in highschool    Always bugging me with her 'I'm Curious!' saying that she always does    She invites the small literature club to her house    She cooks lunch for us    She makes omurice for everyone    she draws a heart on my omurice    tfw    draws an oblong on the plate    'Oreki, you fucking piece of shit!'    ???what.bmp    dick and balls    its either I eat the dick and balls and not taste the delicious cooking of the girl I like    tfw she's tsundere    I don't know what to do    two days later she moved out of school and disappeared without a word and not letting us know    WTF   what are your feels my friends (weeb related) (warning this thread may just become a cringe thread)
I anime a lot and have seen Hyouka and have no idea what this thread is supposed to be about.
This is about moments in your life that feel like anime tropes.
gosh b  pls
so.. um.. what the anime called?
and have seen Hyouka    Hyouka 
post em
I just finished Girls Und Panzer, I regret nothing
I enjoyed it quite a bit. I liked the entire cast and pretty much every girl was best girl. The dog was so precious. Gonna check out Nichijou the next time I need some healing anime.
Just finished Ano Natsu de Matteru, after rewatching Onegai Teacher and Onegai Twins. I watched the latter when I first got into anime, and was pleased to note that they're as good as they were years ago. Ano Natsu feels like a great sequel to the franchise. The characters were interesting, and the show tells a solid story. The final episodes were a bit too crazy, and I wished the ending was a bit more concrete than that stinger we got, but other than that I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Also, I couldn't help but smile every time Lemon was on screen. Ichigo's my favourite character from the franchise, and for such a blatant rip-off, Lemon pulled the role off brilliantly.
Started watching Lain with my sister. All my sister remembers is this (pic related) 
See? If you were a cool sister, you'd be like this. 
So I was wondering, does lainchan or /w/ specifically have a recommendation list like this one? I know this was done on an imageboard focused on yosoykafoshi abe works.
implying that's not a sufficient recommendation list for a cyeberpunk chan   If you're looking for something different, try GaoGaiGar (embed related).  It's a post-cyberpunk anime about humans, cyborgs, robots and AIs struggling to resolve their differences and work together for the sake of protecting the world from a race of techno-organic alien invaders.     2484    \"The word filters have gone too far\"    implying the filtering of words itself isn't already going too far    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scunthorpe_problem 
I agree with the thing about the Scunthorpe problem. I like the word filters, though. They are not there to make us  not swear, but rather to turn our swears and insults into more cyberpunk versions.     2488    Has anyone else just succumbed and just now actually type soykaf, fuaaark, and glitterboy instead of the alternatives   Fuarrrk yeah I have!!! And not \"succumbed\" either. I enjoy the word filters.
Most of the shows on the list aren't even cyberpunk.
Here last version of ABe-related anime
.. and here cyberpunk anime
It's time for a mother fuarrrking Gundam thread, who here likes some goddam Gundam?  Been watching Gundam from start to finish, I've just completed Gundam Zeta a week ago, and begun ZZ the other day.  ZZ feels a bit goofy so far, but it's what I was told to expect.  General discussion thread but lets keep spoilers in tags.
Yeah, because he's a 15 year old genius that has been pretty much left to raise himself by his dickhole of a father. What's cool about him is that you see him get better as the series goes on and he actually has an arc, unlike SOME Gundam series.
a bubble dome right where it can be smashed by an enemy suit    Ironically enough, Build Fighters Try takes that to the logical conclusion. An uppercut to Turn-A's nether regions does it in.     2443  Amuro never gets better. He winds up a depressed shut-in NEET by the time Zeta takes place.   His greatest achievement is basically killing himself to save the Feddies, which means jack soykaf considering wars continue to be waged throughout the rest of the UC era.     2442  It's been a while since I've seen Zeta, but IIRC it generally boils down to this:    an autistic tomboy with anger issues and gender dysphoria steals a Gundam after punching some random chucklefuarrrk    she joins the anti-Feddie rebels    she fights various enemies from both the Federation and Zeon    Kamille-chan eventually gets mind raped by Pimptimus Morocco    the trauma leaves her in a coma and her childhood friend takes responsibility for looking after her   Everything else is just fluff and filler.     2439  The entire Gundam franchise revolves around whiny dweebs. The only time it takes a break from angst is during the based 90s with 08th/F91/X-Bone/V/G/W/X.
Turn A is probably my favourite next to Victory. The relaxed atmosphere and soundtrack were amazing and pretty refreshing after a whole bunch of depressing and heavy Gundam shows. And Turn X, Turn A and the Mahiroo are some sexy machines. I can see why people wouldn't like it, though. None of the characters have any actual combat experience so they're just mostly messing around instead of professionally waging war like in most other Gundam series.     2444    Amuro never gets better.  I thought he was pretty bad-ass in CCA. He changed from a whiny kid into a respectable soldier who follows orders and kicks ass.
Once Amuro becomes a Newtype about 2/3s of the way through he becomes invincible.
Once Amuro becomes a Newtype    he becomes invincible   Indeed.   When he becomes the magical psychic newtype pilot of the strongest mobile suit in the show, in a world of mostly normal everyday humans (excluding his token newtype rival and token dead newtype love interest) with no truly exceptional qualities whatsoever and robots made of tin foil, he's practically invincible except against boss-tier mobile armors that could rip through at least one hundred GMs in ten seconds flat. Of course, he still wrecks those as well.  And yet, he will never be as likeable a protagonist as embed related.
So I started watching the Golden Boy OVAs and while it's generally funny I just can't shake the feeling that it's kind of soykafty.  I'm three episodes and I wonder if I'm missing something. Is this a case in which I should just readthemanga?
the manga is better. The OVA is great too. stick with it.
It's light hearted SoL nothing to really miss.   The hell does soykaf mean 
It's a word filter for sh it 
The best way to experience Golden Boy is to watch the dub.  You have not experienced anime until you've watched the Golden Boy dub and experienced Kentaro's english voice.
What does /w/ think of this? I personally am a massive eva weeb
the Eva had a little too much Tang to drink the night before     they tried to wake it up anyway    it wound up being plagued by a massive orange-flavored hangover    the poor bot launched itself to get away from all the noise    but those bastards had the military stepped in to stop its drunk and disorderly conduct    righteous anger ensues    the pilot finally calls for it     based Null rushes forth FOR GREAT JUSTICE    it picks up the pilot, notices she's a cute girl and lets out a BIG YES   I think Null is the Eva we need, deserve and can actually root for.   His drunken lolicon spirit cannot be contained, not even by the heavily armed dogs of the state.  All in all he's definitely a much better protagonist than Shinji.
When will you recognize Cracky as the embodiment of Lain?
IRL  She was pretty small, but well-proportioned and mature looking.
I don't agree
Who is Cracky?
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=who+is+cracky 
being a /b/tard 
Are you ready for more mootkido and friends?
I want to see the monsters in love storyline.
The non linear nature of the story line can get pretty confusing. I've read the novel for this section and am still having trouble keeping track.
Episode 3 is out
I'm digging the new characters so far. Hopefully they get some more development in the next few episodes. Izaya's sisters are fun and all but what about that new kid and the monster idol.
the new kid is heavily involved in mootkido's development
So has anyone else been watching Psycho-Pass: The New Edit?  Definantly oneo my top 3 anime this season, I'm loving the 46 minute double episodes.  Has anyone been comparing it to the origial run I'm curious about the supossed new scenes it's meant to have.  Aside from that general discussion thread engage.
Mika was the representation of the regular citizen, someone who didn't  have the will or mindset of the MC.
You do realize they are actually two dimensional characters, don't you?
someone who didn't  have the will or mindset of the MC  You mean she wasn't a sheep, but she was still a sheep?
She was anxiously desperate to keep her own hue clear, to fit in, for fear of being judged unfit. A worry that was shared by lots of citizens in the first chapters. She was trying too hard to be a sheep to be a mere sheep.
The first season is pretty good, and I thought the new edit, while it's pacing was awkward because of the stitching together of some disparate episodes, helped make the characters a bit better.  Season Two I have really mixed feelings towards. It kills off characters needlessly, Mika is unlikable and there's a just a few things that really feel like jumping the shark or like they require a lot more suspension of disbelief than the last season.
Any of you guys watching it? Anyone here play the game?
well soykaf. I guess we now know just how seriously they're going to be taking battles.
That's what I thought when I watched Strike Witches.
I heard that Chuck Yeager's foundation heard about SW and contacted the creators about it, but I don't know what happened next.
I hope the opposite happens. It would be a great curveball and make the fandom soykaf itself. It's not gonna happen though.
Well, I was half right. Kinda disappointed they don't want to commit to the grimdark so all we get is out of place melodrama and mood whiplash.
How the fuck is this a thing
Why wouldn't it be a thing?
it's pretty good
How depressing is it might play it since it's free on steam.  Pic completely unrelated.
It's worth a playthrough at least since it's short. The second one is better than the first.
Got it on steam will report back when finished.   I could take a year and this thread would still be up 
The Steins;Gate has chosen. As to ensure the integrity of my communication of such secret plots against the Organization, I shall require the code word.
Chaos;Head is cah-razy. Er, at least the VN is. I didn't bother with the anime.     2219  You'll like it.
I just completed, finally, the true ending (using the flowchart of course), and have only the endings of Mayuri and Kurisu left. This was my second playthrough, the first one I did blind.  All the \"optional\" endings were questionable. Lots of plot holes and things that didn't make sense. The story overall no doubt has several plot holes too, but they're hard to avoid with time travel stories especially really complicated ones like this. It gets really confusing in the last chapter.  I think the anime version tells the story better. It's more streamlined, focused and faster paced (but without rushing itself) and the format allows for much more dramatic and effective story-telling than the VN format. But the VN is way, way more detailed and has a lot of things they left out in the anime, and it's very interesting to see what they changed, removed and added when adapting it.     2199  They have mountains of stuff that's licensed in the US. I think they mainly take things down when they're asked to do so.     2135  Apparently:  http://www.nyaa.se/?page=view tid=563345   Or you could buy it. J-List sells it, don't know about other places. I got the limited edition.
yep, that change to seriousness around the middle of the show caught me a little off guard, however I had been getting the feeling that something unpleasant was going to happen. I'm glad it did, and in fact this show is the only one I consider a 10/10 personally.
dot-da-doo  Been thinking about how stein vision was used in the show    Could Kurisu have used the memory device to jump back in time while Okabe could save his memories through stein vision? That way Okabe would have traveled through world lines with Kurisu instead of doing it all solo. 
Reading through S;G currently, and am enjoying the various easter egg references to C;H.
Who is the smuggiest?
not posting truly smug Ange  They should just call it \"Smug Ange\" instead.
Just finished watching NGE, I loved it.  What other psychological/sci-fi anime should I watch?
Death Note is a very nice psychological anime, although not sci-fi. People talk soykaf of it all the time because it's quite mainstream, but it's good nonetheless.
hates my waifu  :'(   But to each his own man, everyone's tastes are different.
its good nonetheless  Its okay all the way through until  L dies .
I think  Near  is pretty cool.
people something because it got hating mainstream      2329  this     2330    You can't have 2 similar characters in one show.  Near has his hair twirling, L has his lip touching, both have crouching type of stance and stoic personality (although L is a bit more emotional and we saw his character development into depression, enthusiasm and even fear). Near is rip-off that was created just so they could bring the show to the end. Mello is okay mainly because he has his own thing with being a bad boy that wants to get the book for his own personal gain and being less intelligent at times in contrast to Light and Near 
Just finished watching Katanagatari. What do you guys think about it? I thought it was really good.
I didn't know gurren lagann had a sequel. dat simon.
Does Togame even wear underwear?
I honestly don't think she did..
what a slut
I still l-like her though 
I've never really cared for nitroplus's stuff, but this has caught my eye.    http://www.nitroplus.co.jp/game/tokyonecro/ 
What's the plot?
Holy soykaf, that website design is amazing
You misspelled the title, OP. It should be 凍京.  Is this an eroge? Are all games Nitro+ do eroge?
This doesn't even look like a VN. Or are we getting 3D VNs now?
I, for one, am excited. I love Nitro+'s stuff but am limited to what's been translated. One of the biggest reasons I'm trying to learn Japanese really.
While looking through public ftps I found a treasure drove of material from the Western anime community in the 90s.    ftp://ftp.sunet.se/pub/tv+movies/anime-manga/   I'm still digging through it but the most interesting things are the archives of rec.arts.anime.info and the folders of sorted images under sorted. There are old mpgs and transcribed copies of magazines and fanszines in there too I'm going through.   If you know of anything else similar to this please free to share it.
I can confirm it all runs in Windows XP x86. Wonderfully enjoying 'em full screen in my CRT TV
I've also noticed that it was made by some South Americans, probably from Venezuela, Mexico or Argentina, because of the spanish wording they used in OAA1B, it's' obviously not written by anglo-americans
Yep, they're Mexicans, they also say they want to see some anime in Mexico City.
It works on any 32-bit Windows.
this is so strange (in a good way,) I can't believe that thing has been running this long. I wonder what kind of hardware is actually running the server?
http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/2015-01-10/yosoykafoshi-abe-despera-project-is-moving-forward-with-new-director/.83127   ain was right after all  http://ain-and-lain.tumblr.com/post/56470006685/regarding-the-status-of-despera 
That's awesome! I figured. This guy is awesome.
Anyone know, are stories from Kaira(  http://myanimelist.net/manga/23593/Kaira/moreinfo  ) translated? Cause i found only White Rain.
Ain is pronounced like Ein in Einstein and written in hiragana, Lain is pronounced like the English \"rain\" and written with kanji that mean \"the sound of choobels\". The two names don't even rhyme.
choobels?
Gemstones. I seems the wordfilter didn't like the original word since it contains a certain ethnic group.   http://jisho.org/kanji/details/玲音 
So I just finished Darker than Black: Ryuusei no Gemini.  What kind of bullSoykaf ending was that?  It also seems like they left it open for another season or a movie to follow it up  DTB thread go.
I wouldn't really call that an ending. It could have been mid season and you wouldn't be able to tell the difference. I would love a third season. Answer a whole host of questions brought up by the second season.   I was actually thinking of watching something. Think I'll find go find it and frustrate myself.
You are dealing with BONES here. They can make some really AWESOME soykaf, then turn around and release a second season that completely undoes everything the first seasoned accomplishes. Yet ANOTHER example would be Eureka Seven, probably one of their best selling series ever, and they go to make a soykaf movie then decide to make a soykaf sequel. It got so bad, they practically implied that everything the protags did was actually wrong and lol, Dewey was right.
Is precisely that open end what bugs me. As long as there isn't a third season that cleans all the soykaf that the soykaf the season two left I would say that there is only the first season and ignore that one.  Taking a quick glance to the ambientation again (I watched it 3-4 years ago) I noticed that the second season has more moe;  russian girl with a skirt, that cute rat that was before a cat, the opening with the beach scene in bikini, and the list goes on . The first was more seinen but with bits of comedy, the second looks moesoykaf for me.
LOL, I had a typo that doesn't lokk too bad.  Also, what is that 'soykaf' stuff?
An humorous replacement for certain widely used cursing words. It had the side effect to repel bad posters.
Merry Christmas lainons!
Merry boxingday from Australia
Here's a late Merry Christmas to you!
What is Boxing Day and why don't we have it in America?
We have it where I live and I have no idea what it's for except shopping sales
at first i thought it was about a sports tournament of punching people
New thread for a new movie.  What were your thoughts on The Wings of Honneamise lainons?   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Space_Force:_The_Wings_of_Honn%C3%AAamise   If you have an idea for next week's film feel free to post ideas, I will arrange a poll early next week.
I really enjoyed the first episode / movie. The visuals were really nice and had strong /cyb/ vibes. The theme about who is really in control, man or machine, was also nicely done, the voice acting was top notch. I found the action scenes pleasing as well and everything had a nice pacing, I was never bored or rushed trough the plot. I did however find the plot a bit lacking.   The tower tilt part was dragged out a bit IMO. The entire premise of the bad guy being eaten / merging with his own software or whatever was a bit cheap as well.  
Just finished the first ep as well (I've been busy) and it was enjoyable but not quite my cup of tea. MC seems like a cool guy and I thought the white haired guy was a chick up until I saw his case file. The zoom in on the space-scraper at the start was too damn long imo (just something that annoyed me).  I did like the idea of the  creater being infused with his creation  (/cyb/ as hell) but it was pretty handwavy as to how it actually happened.
Watched all 3 now and I must say that they are in descending order quality wise. I think that the second one was lacking a proper story  and the way he won the final fight was a bit anti-climatic IMO  The last one was not that much better story wise but I also think that the animation was a bit worse as well. I would rate the entire series 6 or 7 out of 10. The most enjoyable thing was the cyberpunk themes reminds me of ghost in the shell.
You'd be surprised by how much women can influence men even indirectly.  I speak from experience     And what was the woman's purpose in the movie anyway?  That, really, to be a motivation for our main character.    Also why did he try to rape her?   He was under severe stres, to say the least.
And what was the woman's purpose in the movie anyway?  I think she was there to be a symbol of futile hope in their \"godless\" society. She's poor and gets taken advantage of by others but still tries to teach people about the ways of god and take care of her sister and the MC.   Same with the prayer in space.  The MC knows that there will always be more corruption and vileness to come by traveling to the stars, and yet he still hopes that it wouldn't be that way.
Dumping beautiful Lain screens I made recently.
so? it's lain.
Worth it.
/all   /recent
lovely.
thank you Lainon this is great
Discuss    http://animatorexpo.com/mememe/ 
I think that it attempts to portray a dream, and does so very effectively.
I think it's portraying the hate the guy gets after his ex broke his heart. He's trying his hardest to forget about her, hence the depiction of killing her. However, by doing so, he also self-destructs, since she's already part of him.
aka classic heartbreak depicted pretentiously.
based on the lyrics seems to be the other way around. The guy, who is a porn-addict, broke up with the girl and this one commits suicide
I enjoyed it. The animation is as good as you'd expect from someone who worked for Trigger, and I thought the transitions were good enough to keep you interested. I enjoyed the music and vocals much more though.  However I've seen weirder visuals in anime. It's not as big of a damn deal as people to be making it.
Anyone here who's watched/read Monster? Personally, it's one of my top favorite series, just behind Lain and Texhnolyze. I'm curious what you guys think of it, though.
It's probably the best mystery manga I've read, and it also pulls off the European(German) aspect of the setting/story very well. At the end, is Johann actually compassionate because he goes through the whole sociopathic manipulation thing even though he didn't personally go to the orphanage? Why and how did he insert himself in place of his sister as a victim? I don't get that part. Also you should read 20th Century Boys, easily Urasawa's best , the other contender for greatest mystery manga.
Everything Urasawa does is good. Are you reading Dancing Policeman?
I have read 20th Century Boys, and it is definitely great, although honestly I still think Monster is Urasawa's best work. The story and characters left a stronger impact on me than almost anything else I've seen before, and the more realistic setting made it stand out more as well, at least for me. As for your question, I'll try my best to answer it with what I took away from the story:  Anna is the only person who Johan seemed to truly care for in the world, at least aside from Dr. Tenma later on. This is because Johan saw Anna as being a literal part of himself. Hence why he alone chose to carry the burden of her own past traumas and experiences at the Red Rose Mansion (not the orphanage), which allowed her to eventually lead a “normal” life with her foster parents after she lost her memories, while he went on to wreck havoc at the orphanage, and other parts of the country as he grew up. Of course, everything changed once Johan decided to meet back up with Anna years later.  TL;DR Johan cared so much for his sister that he didn't want her to suffer, and so he became a monster so that she wouldn't have to.  That's how I saw it, at least. I hope it makes sense.     1670  I haven't read that yet, I still need to get caught up on Billy Bat; I've had that on hold for a while now. And yes, Urasawa easily has the best track record of any writer/mangaka I know of.
I think that their mother's indecisiveness when it came to which one of them to give up (which Johan revealed to Tenma in the last episode) really fuarrrked Johan up. It could be why Johan was still dressed as a girl when Nina came back; and he took the burden of the trauma because he thought that it should have been him who went through it in the first place. At least, that's my interpretation.
That was part of what I thought too, yeah. I also thought the fact that his mother chose one sibling over the other at all (and that she even had to think about which one to choose) pretty much destroyed Johan's perception of human equality, which led to him becoming a socio/psychopath. I imagine that if Johan thought his own mother couldn't view her own twin children as equals, then he would have a hard time viewing the rest of humanity as anything more than insects.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNaRFijpDy8  Remember Jii-san? I miss him
Remember the first few months he went silent, thought he'll be back just some IRL crap keeping him busy  I wish that was the case.
Are we certain he died? Maybe he just got bored ;_;
I'd be over joyed if he'd one day come back doing vids again but man I just don't got that feeling. Also mood for the thread.  I want conformation myself though, I never seen a obit. I'd personally leave something on his grave as well if I knew where he was buried. Like the grandpa I never had, I feel it's the least I could do for him he made a lot of reviews I enjoyed.
I just want closure  I loved how not cynical he was in comparison to other reviewers Maybe we could hike to his grave
I'd need to find a starting point somewhere to begin to find out where he is buried.
Who knows good comedy soykaf?
cromartie high school is always nice
Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo  I have a weird sense of humor   1945
Gintama: laughs, feels and ~300 episodes
forgot pic
Space Dandy with the English dub. Feels more like an American comedy than a Japanese anime and is actually pretty good. One of the only times I prefer dub over raw.
I just made this to aid me if I ever want to explain why (Satoko==ΛΔ) evaluates to 0.
I don't get what you're trying to present OP.
people who are familiar with higurashi then get into umineko tend to associate characters, and as they start to see points where the two can be connected, they start to guess if some characters are present in the other. Rika and Hanyuu are kinda obvious, but the rest are not. nevermind.
Post an anime recommendation. Include a bit about what the anime's about and why it's worth watching.  I loved Cat Soup. It's about how altered states can harm the egotistic and benefit the selfless. Or, at least, that's what I think. Though people call it trippy, a word more commonly applied to psychedelia, I found it had more of a dissociative feel. I'd recommend it to any /weeb/   /drg/ polyboard user, which I imagine is a lot of you.
tactics  All of Inahoes plans are dumb apart from the first one. Like the one where they hit the mecha with the crane. Why is everyone else dumb?  Why is Inahoe so smart?
Why is everyone else dumb?     Why is Inahoe so smart?   Because it's anime.
Not a good excuse
Kuragehime (Princess Jellyfish). It is a cleverly written short romance (11 episodes).  Don't read about it, just let it take you on a ride.
Inaka Isha aka Franz Kafka's A Country Doctor I've seen many adaptions of Kafka's works, and this one is my favourite by far. Even though it stays very close to the plot of its source material, it focuses more on the general mood - surreal and nightmarish, very Lynch-y  or Kafkaesque . The animation style is unlike anything I've ever seen, and the sound design is great. Highly recommended, even for the-book-is-always-better e/lit/ists.
Didn't see a thread about it in the catalog. Anyone else staying caught up with it?
Thanks guys! I will add these to my watch list! They look pretty great.
Love me some Raildex, I've read all the LNs. I know it's not great, but there's just something about it that keeps drawing me back in
I'm waiting till it's finished airing to watch.     1104  I've been meaning to watch .hack for a awhile time now.
SAO I was quite enjoyable. Even if you didn't care for the characters, the world and the story were interesting enough to keep watching. SAO II on the other hand is an awful letdown. The pacing is sluggish, it turns into a undiluted harem anime, characters tend to suffer from retardation and/or TRAUMA. Watch only if you plan on ridiculing it on your blog.
I'm a bit behind in staying caught. Just watched Episodes 15 and 16 last night. I am trying to get caught up before the week runs out.
Just finished watching Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water yesterday. To be honest, I didn't care too much for the sci-fi aspects; it felt too much like the answer to everything was just \"lol aliens.\" However, I really liked it whenever it felt closer to a late 19th century adventure.  Actually, now that I think about it, I guess I had more of a problem with how it wrapped up if anything. I guess I was just a bit disappointed that it all lead up to a space ship battle.  Does anyone else here share similar thoughts about the show? Also, Nadia thread, I guess.
I hate how Nadia kept treating Jean in the second half of the show.  Yeah, I thought she was getting some character development when they were stranded on the island, but I guess it amounted to nothing.
Is this worth watching? I was thinking about giving it a go
I was surprised how much I enjoyed the show. You get a good adventure in the real world spiced with a giant sekrit organization, engineering weapons and trying to dominate humanity pretty sophisticated.
I enjoyed it, though I don't really feel satisfied with it for some reason. I think it's worth a watch regardless.
If it interests anyone, I found this old fansite someone made for the series.   http://www.thesecretofbluewater.com/nadia00.htm   Man, it feels weird to browse abandoned websites.
more
I-is Yakui okay too?
Alright guys, you thought buttobi cpu (I dream of Mimi) was bad? Just wait until to night you glitterboys.  I got a show that will make EoE seem like child's play next to it.  Oh, and its going to be in English.  You guys better prepare your anuses.  Stream: 8pm Central time Use google to figure out when that is for you.  Link:  https://cyberlife.io/stream.html 
dubbed 
dubbed 
Alright guys, you thought buttobi cpu (I dream of Mimi) was bad?   But it was good. Also when is the next stream going to be I ended up missing this one.
You missed the lain stream too, it was on Thanksgiving.
I was with family then so I probably would have missed it to begin with, damn.
Hello. Fellow lainons. I will post a wallpaper a day. For every wallpaper posted, let another be posted in return. Lets stay on topic. We don't want to be 4chan.  To start I will dump some wallpapers.  We could make a game out of this if this thread takes off. Like 10 Wallpapers of a certain type in a row, and then new type.  (I'm hoping to create some activity, or community spirit here)

could you some time post the one with the front page lain (without datass face) and a grey, sandy texture background?
May their souls rest on the leaderboards.
Im going to watch GiTS tonight.
was it good?
yeah i was like dayyyumm. next ill watch SAC.
Not OP but I watched it again this morning. It's one of my favorite movie yet it seems the more I watch it, the less I understand what happens. Like, I never totally understood what was a ghost. The physical sum of what make a sentient being? How can human be hacked then? The main plot is still a clusterfuarrrk for me, too.  Such wow nonetheless. How is the paper version?
Is season 3 happening guys?
Yuru Yuri season three when?
I'm still saying it. Fuck.
just watch endless 8 in reverse order and pretend to be happy
sauce on loli?
bakabt.me/129729-ichigo-mashimaro-strawberry-marshmallow-xvid-lime-anime.html There, enjoy it. It's quite funny.
I have decided to do a livestream, when exactly is yet to be decided. However, you can start voting now to decided what will be the first anime I stream.   http://strawpoll.me/2947980   If there is a show that people want me to livestream then post it, and I will consider it/save it for another stream (I plan on doing more).
It is, I just restarted my set up so HOPEFULLY IT SHOULD WORK.   I promise I did testing before hand!
Audio should now be fixed, I HOPE. I am watching from the stream as well, and I think I solved the problem.
TURN ON THE GODDAMN SUBTITLES I DONT KNOW MOONSPEAK
That concludes the stream.
It's been fun, thanks for streaming IcanFLY.
about to revisit one of my favorite shows, in Hi10p.
ENDLESS EIGHT  was actually alright  I hope you're rewatching the movie too anon, also who is your favourite girl?  I find it hard to decide between Haruhi and Yuki, they're both so qt
haruhi. rewatching because i haven't seen the movies etc.
Enjoy anon, the movie is a damn masterpiece
what's this site that you're getting it from
I second that. My access point was down that morning, so unfortunately I missed it.
it's on tpb but the subs are missing
http://www.nyaa.se/?page=view tid=387456 
This is the source I used:  http://bakabt.me/142410-i-dream-of-mimi-buttobi-cpu-exiled-destiny.html   It's very good quality, has both the Japanese and English dubs, and I'm seeding it with 100 mbps upload.
Is this the same link I used? I don't know what the fuarrrk happened but I ended up watching three eps with German dubs.
This was a pretty good show, anyone read the manga?
It's one of my favorites just for Kintaro alone because he's such a likeable character, a series I always go back to.  I have yet to read much of the manga only because of life and my ever growing Must Read list, I hope I get to it at some point.
Truly one of the funniest shows I've watched.
best anime in history.
s was truely a goldmine of anime like this (wandering, down to earth.) I miss that decade
Read the manga if you want to watch the mangaka's slow descent into insanity presented through the story.  There's a reason it ended so suddenly and why no more was adapted despite the OVA's popularity.  Hope you like netorare too, because it has it in droves. By the end it felt like every other page was the author trying to find out why his girlfriend cheated on him.
i been collecting awesome anime wallpapers for a while for making a collection for release,TLDR im compiling these i intend on zipping them uploading once i have a bigger collection of good stuff to a bunch of file lockers for my Releaseblog/warez site and then uploading and making  a torrent for piratebay,kickass,1337X etc so im gonna share a few wallpapers i like and if you got anything nice to share post here    TLDR GET IN HERE AND SHARE WALLPAPERS  also apparently lainchan doesen't allow big multi MB images so if you got something good and its a large file just upload to a image host and post here?
Looks like I dumped quite a few any way.
Here's somebody's collection I saw on /g/ today:  http://dats.moe/  (needs scripts on to show all the images)  Pic related is something I threw together years ago.
POST/DISCUSS ANYTHING RELATED TO JOJO'S BIZARRE ADVENTURE
WHERE can i read it online?
bato.to is pretty decent for reading online. And you can find a bunch of download links here  http://pastebin.com/Zv7N4pGN 
who's lurking right now?

 
lainchan needs more poster D: 
Me AWOO~
So I reinstalled windows on a new SSD and backed everything up except my list of animes that I wanted to watch.  I hope this isn't against the rules somewhere that I haven't read (if so I have a password that I can delete this with) but can people recommend me shows?  Things I won't watch: Boku No Piku Naruto One Piece Dragon Ballz  I like animes that have a defined start and end point and are usually less than fifty episodes.   Just to give this thread two roles I will also post a bunch of Lain wallpapers for all of you!
Thanks!
No problem Tell us what you think of it It really needs more discussion
Not OP, but I've been thinking of watching that anime, mostly because of this video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZMNyIN4HpI 
KOKOROCHAN YUNAH
Kokoro-chan iu na*
Hey i just finished kill la kill, what are some good animes that i should watch next?    not a huge core weeaboo 
OP you're a faggot Please watch Samurai Flamenco though. I really want more people to buy the BDs
I don't understand all the hatred for KLK and the like. So what if it's kinda plebby? I still enjoyed it. Be a little more open-minded.  OP I recommend Bakemonogatari and Cowboy-Bebop
Hold it right there. I agree OP has  shit taste but nobody deserves  naruto or one piece.eww.  suggestions Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni Fullmetal Alchemist Trigun  Gurren Lagann Akira
People hating KlK is just a bandwagon. There's no actual reason for it.
People mostly dislike it because it became popular on tumblr with the same crowd as SNK.  As much as it was a fun watch while it was airing and had some good moments, it got pretty tiring by the end and I don't think I'll rewatch it.
Metropolis is this weeks movie.   http://anilist.co/anime/522    Why are you still reading this?  Go watch it already!
mine too. now i can corporate asset for lainchan and go there or something
This was pretty good.     1545  Mine too, I'm glad I finally watched it.
Very good, I'm going to rewatch before saying anything else.
Just finished it. Quite a good film. I definitely felt the influence of Katsuhiro Otomo by the end.
it was a nice rewatch, I only saw it in pieces before.
curious what everyone here thought about it?personally i like the manga and am looking forward to the inevitable release of a anime on it.  im not into furry shit or anything like that usually but idk the artist did a great job and i like the characters.
also relevant pic, MIA and cerea are definitely what sold me on it.
i need a higher res of this please . its for the greater good.
sorry thats the best i got but if you look around ive seen 1080P rips of the same pic
also TIO is totally cute and has gigantic tits shes way underated  i hope they bring her more into the storyline
Are you guys watching Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso? I think it might be great, since this idea worked pretty well for Nodame Cantabile. Oh, and the mother-son relationship with the protagonist seems really interesting. It's on my possible AOTS list.
Really? It's airing this season, and right now it's mostly about a guy who was a piano prodigy, but can't play it anymore, but I read that it might expand to other disciplines, since his friends play sports. Did anyone read the manga and can confirm this, maybe?
I like it. It's easily my favorite noitamina show I've ever seen so far, along with SamFlam. But I heard the manga gets into bullshit drama levels so I'm not sure what to expect. So far, though, I love the musicy stuff about it, I love romance drama, it's well animated and the girl is like a less bitchier version of Chitoge.
Really? I mean, I like it a lot, and Samurai Flamenco too, but there's a lot of really great noitamina titles starting with Nodame Cantabile, and even The Tatami Galaxy! I didn't know there were people so hyped about this.
bullshit drama levels   That's to be expect. It's a romance composed of artsies.
I haven't seen all of the noita shows yet, the only ones I've seen are AnoHana, BRS, Ping Pong, Zankyou, SamFlam, Psycho-Pass, and maybe one or 2 others which I'm forgetting. I didn't know Nodame was noita, but I heard that was like a better version of this show, so I'll check it out!
who log horizon??? I just started it cause everyone says its good.  Seems bretty ok
commie  oh boy
watching commie    ever 

I'm really enjoying it. It really does put SAO to shame.
Watched first 4 episodes. Still bored. I might try rewatching it though.
Post your number one favourite anime.  Monogatari Series
Here's a comparison between that encode (left one) and the encode I have (twice the file size, 10-bit).
I would be tempted to say Dirty Pair, but I have so much show that I really enjoy that I can't really decide either. But anyway, Dirty Pair is the first that came to my mind.
Thanks a lot :)
Welcome to the NHK has been at my top ever since I watched it. B-but Lain is in a close second, s-so  don't hate me.
Yeah, no hate shall be here. NHk was really awesome and I enjoyed it to a point where I had problems examining the better of both, manga or anime.
ITT anime that isn't generic moeshit not edgy crap  Good interesting stuff you only see once in a blue moon.
B-Baka!
You only see it once in a blue moon because you don't pay enough attention to what shows are coming out. This is the problem that every single person complaining about \"moeshit\" has. It's also very likely that you don't understand what moe even is.
Tatami Galaxy   Mah Nigga
Plastic Nee Chan  That's pretty much just moe shit but with extra random.
Good interesting stuff you only see once in a blue moon.  Just how wide is your definition of moe? Do you even know what the word means? If so much anime is apparently shit for you, then why watch it in the first place?
You looking forward to anything next season /w/? So far I'm only interested in Psycopass S2, Space Dandy's second cour, and Rail Wars. Oh and the new GitS OVA I guess but Arise hasn't been very good.`  I've played Grisaia but not really looking forward to the adaptation since it will likely end up as a clusterfuck of different routes like most VN adaptations.
Psycho Pass is having S1 reedited, a S2 and a movie iirc
Going to try give them all at least the 3 episode taste test. I have no idea what I'm in for with Persona and Arise as I haven't seen the preceding movies yet.
I played Grisaia, and while most of it was pretty shit, I'll still be watching the adaptation almost exclusively for Michiru. I may or may not SAO, I read the novels and thought they were mediocre, but the GGO arc had a 'so bad it was good' appeal that I might enjoy this time around. I still haven't watched Space Dandy, I'll watch it if I like the first season. Definitely looking forward to Yuasa's episode. I may watch Himegoto for the trap I'll probably watch Zankyou no Terror. I enjoyed parts of Psycho-Pass, but I never got around to finishing the last two episodes. I'm interested in where the story goes, so I'll probably watch the second season too.  Everything else, I'll keep and eye out on and pick up if others say it is good
bumping this
You have bad taste and should feel bad.  But I think Prism Llya has subtext or something 
So, who /pc/ here?
