In it's own thread since mine tend to get pretty active one I get one started.  Last night I had a dream that seemed to be an almost-awake dream, with dream stuff imposed over reality. My field of view was that of me laying in my bed, but I under the impression of watching a show taped in first person perspective. It was named \"Who's a Good Cat?\" and in it, a cat is petted by the hand of the cameraman, but the cat itself is obscured by blackness, a silhouette. At some point I might ave seen the cat jump up to me, then going behind me so I'd need to roll over to pet it. When I woke up later, I rolled back and saw my cat was where it was int he dream. In a way this is a mildly concerning occurrence, as I would rather not begin sleepwalking.  Going back to sleep, I dream of being at a rented building with my family near the end of our stay at the beach. We went out to dinner, and I insisted on getting chicken despite dad already getting something else, what we ordered seemed somewhat off and I wanted to try out the chicken around here for a few days. We got some, but it didn't seem particularly good either. I asked to get just a few pieces of chicken, but they only served family-sized platters. Did I know this before or after I said it? I don't know. I obviously had enough meat, but the meat on each piece seemed thin. Like the chicken had anemic muscles and thick bones? It was like I was mostly tasting the bone and breading, with no meat or oil from the frying. The breading was hard and chunky. We finished eating there and at some point left for home, going over a short bridge off the island. I think at some point there might've been a lesson that was dropped because the dream decided it was dumb or just being conveyed to myself poorly.
Often I dream of playing a video game, and made up versions of Zelda are not uncommon. In this dream, I was playing one influenced primarily by Twilight princess, with the wolf form and mentions of Midna. She was not present herself, but was mentioned and referenced in several parts of the game, with various things taking on her likeness.  I vaguely remember a dungeon in which I am led on by a character dressed up in an outfit based on Midna's Imp form, with poofy streamers attached to headgear in place of her hair. I'm not sure if this character was an ally.  I also remember watching my brother play, who I thought was several dungeons behind me, but who I saw found a later dungeon of the game since what I was following was apparently a long sidequest that diverged by following that character. The entrance to it has a large statue of Mida's human form, hewn roughly out of a rock striped with red and white bands which also formed the sides of the tunnel it guarded the mouth of. I expressed concern at the end of the game being spoiled for me, and my brother agreed to go to another area of the game instead.
Dreamed I was doing my laundry with my mom. I had been failing to do my laundry, and at this point my house, which was at this point rebuilt as practically a warehouse to store it, now required that I move clothes to a platform on a second level since I was so behind in washing them.  The platform connected to the wall only on one side, with the others leaving a wide opening to see down and allow for the line of washing and drying machines to potentially stack up through what would be the floor. The clothes themselves were in stacks of dirty laundry in a grid, the clean ones I briefly wondered about since I didn't want to accidentally double-clean them, but they could be quickly taken away to my room or wherever.  My mom was, as expected, not happy with this arrangement, but wanted me to leave clothes meant to be washed relatively later up top while focusing on the ones left on the bottom which she saw as higher priority, while I was instead taking clothes down form the top because I figured otherwise they'd be tossed out due to my mom falsely presuming them not worth cleaning.
Dreamed that I sat down and to watch an episode of AT that I'd been waiting for, in which Finn dates someone named Splodey Princess who is made entirely of bombs, presumably live ones like in that Itchy and Scratchy short. Before watching, I see the episode's description of \"Finn's friends try to save him from dating Splodey Princess.\" It starts with Finn being kinda down over not knowing where to go to get a date, and Jake immediately says he has the perfect idea. Next shot if of what appears to be a wooden stage. Jake cuts out a circle of the floor, including part of a lone step, and puts it aside as they climb up from below.   Soon, creatures who look like various Sonic characters show up, though they're a group of violent predatory animals who eat the smaller, helpless critters they save. The leader, a Boom-style muscular and purple Knuckles recolor, walks up to Finn and has one arm go all spring shaped like he has stretchy powers before putting his hand on Finn's shoulder and asking if he's ready to join a kingdom that goes around fighting for little animals trapped in robots. Finn agrees to this, but Not Knuckles then takes out a nest-like bowl of cute animals and asks Finn if he'll eat one of these little things they captures, which he often does by crushing it in his hand before eating it whole. Finn refuses, and they walk off.  Next, what look like human government agents show up. At first they're men in black, then military people and huge reticular parts of war machines start showing up, and the military people start flying around with the aid of their Warhammer 40k sized silvery steel pauldrons. One of these flying guys is talking to Finn about joining their kingdom's military, using a mechanical arm with a simple two-fingered pincer hand extending from his right pauldron, decorated with a black ribbon, to size Finn up as he evaluated him. Finn seemed close to refusing, but I woke up before he answered. At this point it was pretty obvious he was being interviewed by the militaries of kingdoms for an alliance, rather than potential dates personally, though at the time I was expecting Splodey Princess to show up there herself anyway.
Short dream which involved schoolwork of some sort, I should have written it right away as I forget most details other than being frustrated by something. I think I was upset at missing some piece of material, or being unable to concentrate? I don't know.  Then, a dream in which I am presented with a sequence of murders, as a man invading a king's court approaches in turn each person in his way to the king, then the monarch himself. Each wishes to halt the invader's progress and knows he will spare no one anyway. Seeing they cannot best him in combat, they attempt to pose riddles to him, but all are easily answered by the invader to proceeds to slay them and move onto the next. This ritual is then started again with invasion begun anew, and I follow along trying to stop this to no avail. At some point I try to intervene at the death of the king himself, but finding it fruitless I flee, barely noticing the world around me appears almost as a giant wooden stage.  Reaching the side of the room, to the right of the king, I go down a short few steps leading to a wooden walkway leading to the left. I walk down this way, and see that I have some sort of curled up black bug. I toss it off the walkway, not wanting to carry it. But before, I remember hearing or remember being told that I should not pick a certain bug up to begin with? How did it get in my pocket to begin with? I continue down the walkway, toward a flight of steps, but a weird insect dives at be from behind and hits me in the back. I wake up wondering if there was actually a bug in the room that got on me to wake me up, but I found none.
For some reason, I've been dreaming about going to the bathroom a lot.  This one last night, however, was kind of interesting. I dreamed there was a new faucet that was also a puzzle: With three switches, you have to figure out the right combination to turn the faucet fully on or fully off. I wanted to try this puzzle, and it turned out my brother got one, so I was his house and asked if I could sue the bathroom there. He said sure and I leave his room, turning right and going down the hall, which was longer and more reminiscent of my dad's mother's house than my brother's is.  Soon finding the bathroom on my right, I turn to it, noticing that it's not quite a room and more a branch in the hallway that happens to be tiled like a bathroom and separated from the main hall by a shower curtain. The bath-hall goes on receding into darkness, and near the curtain the toilet and faucet sit opposite each other, with a medicine cabinet off to the side of the toilet away from the curtain. There is no sink bowl, and faucet is set up to spray at you like a shower while you sit on the toilet.  For some reason at this point I remember my older brother having told me before something about using the right part of the bathroom and not the wrong one,, but without looking around much I don't really see anything down the bath-hall so I disregard that and stick with this toilet. Wondering how I'll prevent someone form seeing me use the toilet, I remember there's a shower curtain right next to me at the bathroom's entrance. Closing it, I sit down on the toilet and begin using the bathroom.  Taking a better look at the faucet, I see that it's electronic, with a few mode buttons in addition to the three water control buttons: Regular sink mode for when you just want to use the faucet, \"turn them all on\" puzzle mode where the challenge is to turn them on, a mode that if I remember right turned it all the way on for when you're taking a shower, and \"turn them all off\" mode where the challenge is to turn them all off. The water control buttons are from left to right red/hot, green/medium and blue/cold. I get the just of these by glancing at them, but had already turned on the hot water before reading further.  I forget if I turned on the water first or selected puzzle mode before turning on the hot water, but either way it wasn't that hot, which I was perfect fine with. I wondered if I would be able to solve the puzzle before my clothes, which I had not removed for a shower, got soaked through. Trying the green/medium button next, it didn't seem to cause a change at all. I wondered how I'm supposed to solve this. Thee non-puzzle modes are obviously useful in case you get stuck like this. Wondering what move to make next, I wake up.
A little bit ago I had a dream, which was re-occurring for 2-3 months.  This dream is real creepy. It enters with a character who is in rough clothin, jumping on top of a taxi.  He's surrounded with thousands of people in a large city, skyscrapers around me and a stop light behind me.  He raises the AK in the air, along with the other people around me. It seems like its some kind of rally, we cheer comprehensible words.    BAM   I see the character, which I believe is me get shot in the head, he  falls off the taxi.   Still being in 3rd person I see the thousands of people charging into the city. Yelling some sort of war cry, it ends like this.    One day, my buddy and I are talkin bout dreams n shit. I explain this dream to him. He pauses for a second and a look of confusion on his face.  Im like \"what the fuck yo\"  He told me he had that exact dream a few nights ago, and explained the exact scenario in what he said, yet his was in a different perspective.  And describes what happens after the people storm the city.    I was 2spooked
Fuck reoccurring dreams, especially if they're creepy. I feel you OP, your friend also having the same dream makes it even creepier. Especially the part about having a different perspective, maybe other people you see in your dreams are dreaming from other parts of the world?   I used to have one reoccuring for a few nights myself, but it wasn't as scary as yours, just weird. I'd always start out in the same mall, and the further in I went the more strange and abstract it got. At some point the floors would get sandy and it'd slowly turn into a desert, the room growing wider and taller until it was too far to see the edges of, with the shops growing farther and farther apart. Spent many nights exploring the mall, even tried walking out into the desert but after a while the shops would end up being miles apart so I gave up.
From what knowledge I've on dream interpretation, it is said that dream characters typically represent yourself or an aspect of yourself (the latter being more common). Being that you- or how you view yourself as a whole- is killed by the dream characters and they then riot could mean that different aspects of yourself are \"killing\" your self image or changing who you view yourself to be.    He told me he had that exact dream a few nights ago, and explained the exact scenario in what he said, yet his was in a different  perspective. Sounds like dream sharing. Typically only occurs when people have somewhat a strong bond.
would you mind interpret my dream too? I had it like a week ago and didn't re-occure, but I'm still curious.  In this dream I'm still a child (6-9 years old) and me and my family(all normal age) go on vacation. We go into a hotel, and inside this hotel are all the people i know from work. Somehow I discover that i can fly and break stuff with my mind 'n soykaf, but there is one catch to this superpower. I can only use it when I'm aspleep inside my dream, so i cannot controle it.  Do you know what that could mean?
Amateur dream interpreter. Elaborate on dreams you've had and I'll do my best to explain their meaning in exchange for the chance to strengthen this ability.
No answer for this then?     722 
I had this dream about five times when I was seven or eight years old - it is probably the most terrifying one I've ever had.  I wake up in my bed at night. The house is quiet, I know my parents are not at home. Everything is normal, but for some reason I know that I absolutely have to get outside immediately. I climb out of bed, leave my room and see that there are dark featureless men are patrolling the hallways and stairs. I try to sneak my way past them but one of them notices me and grabs my arm lightly. I wake up in my bed again, same situation as before. I try to climb out my window but can't get it open - for some reason I know the only way to get out is the front door. I try to sneak past the men, get noticed again, and as soon as one of them touches me, I wake up in my bed. This repeats itself for about 20-30 times. I try different approaches, running past the men, violence, nothing works - as soon as I touch them, I start back at square one. They never hurt me, they just keep me from going outside. I get increasingly frustrated and scared, I fear that I might never get out and be stuck in this circle forever.  At some point after that, I wake up in real life.
I am    628   Had another dream today which felt pretty strange.  I am looking at an RPG like map, with a big lake in the center and a gate to a city in the southeast corner.  Then I am walking on a really big roller coaster railway in the sky with a group of people (imagine how big), one of them being the cyborg from Teen TItans. At some point the railway breaks and I see an image of a planet with a ring which looked like Saturn but with not small - not big brown spots on its surface.  I see a clinic room illuminated with a dim, brown light with a doctor and a couple inside of it. Then I see a dark, red and black ritual room, I'm not sure what it was actually, with a nude woman with red vines covering parts of her body, and a stereotypical red demon on another side laying on his side. Lights flash, and the woman changes her position with every flash, in one moment even floating with what seemed to be the same vines hanging from the roof, and a red and black demon dog running around in the room.  I am in the room again, the woman from the couple is topless, and leaves moments after.  I see train station with blue lights in an open field. It's night. I find a person with no features that in the dream was my friend, and we chat about something I don't remember. I leave to get on the top of an oncoming train, which doesn't stop in the station, and I land on a car loaded with minerals. It keeps going until it reaches a loading bay, and the dream ends.
I've had a re-occurring dream lately, or as close to one as I've ever had. The set up is always the same but with different variations. I'm in a place that I've never been before, but I've seen many times, as if I had looked at the travel brochure extensively before traveling to the same places I saw, surrounded by people I sort of know but I'm just acquainted with, except one figure who is someone I know very well but can't quite place, I feel good being with them but I'm uneasy about the others and the situation. I walk around with the familiar one for quite a while before sitting down to rest, and that's when the dream ends for me. I've never ascribed much value to dreams but this one has been nagging at me.
Thinking of looking into nocturnal sleeping schedules. Any tips? Should it be a gradual transition or should I just suddenly switch from a \"regular\" sleep schedule to a nocturnal one? Also, are dreams any different through this means of sleep?
I have done this by accident once. Beware, it's hard as fuarrrk to switch back to your regular sleep schedule.
Uh  nocturnal sleep? you mean you'll start sleeping at night? well most people do and they sort of function alright, so I guess it might work for you.  Now, for a real answer, I guess it's not too bad an idea, the main drawbacks I can think of is regular people schedules, like your dentist appointment who works during the day. For jobs I guess night jobs are good niches as most people don't even consider that. Moreover, you'll be more than awake at dawn which is supposed to be healthy, and if you go to sleep by noon you'll still be able to do a lot before that. I say go for it. I've half-done that, by mere accident, that is, being on the interwebs until 5 am, which is a good way to switch completely, just sleep as late as you can, gradually moving to a later sleep time
you mean you'll start sleeping at night? well most people do and they sort of function alright  If the behavior of people is an indication of how \"normal\" sleep effects people I'll never sleep at night again.
take vitamin D pills if you do this.  also this. /  /716  If you don't like a sleep mask, since you're going all out sleeping at night, there is also this. The others may also be on Amazon.  http://www.amazon.com/Blackout-Blocking-Windows-Non-Permanent-Darkening/dp/B003ZJ88DY   http://betterdaysleep.com/   http://www.bedroomdarkeningwindowshades.com/   http://blackoutez.com/ 
I accidentally did that after NYE. Started taking naps and suddenly I found my sleep schedule upside down. soykaf was so cash while it lasted, I don't know why but I kind of felt more alive and energetic. The sluggishness I usually have had diminished. Too bad I had to transition back to a normal routine because of normalfag stuff and school.  You should probably do it gradually as    652  said.
Does anyone else here use an eyemask? My gf got me one of these last week, and my sleep has been absolutely incredible, even when I get a limited amount. It's like as long as it's over my eyes my sleep is going to automatically be deep.  I've never felt more well rested and my dreams have never been more vivid.
I'm not sure I'd really go online to order one  the beauty of it is you can probably find it at your local walgreens, they're super cheap.   http://io9.com/why-we-need-to-sleep-in-total-darkness-1497075228 
I use one because my roommate loves to stay up until 5 AM, when I have to get up at 7 for classes some days. He doesn't make too much noise, but his computer bathes the room in a flickering blue wash. This thing is the only reason I'm (barely) able to sleep at night.  Living on campus was a mistake.
I use one that I got on a Qantas flight a few years ago whenever I am on a red-eye flight or sleeping at the airport.
Yeah I got one recently. I never bought one because I thought I wouldn't like it on my face, but it's very light. Bothers me less than having blankets on my face. Light from outside, even during the night really bothers me. The first day I used it I went to sleep quickly at a normal time, and woke up just after the sun rose. It felt like my body aligned itself perfectly with the daylight.  My eyes finally feel so rested, and the Nidra sleep mask that I have now has space in front of the eyes so I can look around when I wake up and stretch my eyes or chill out and meditate. They're great for resting my eyes wherever I want. Even if you don't need them for sleeping. But I don't like the strap on the back. I have to use a pillow (I usually sleep flat on the ground) because the velcro strap is very uncomfortable on the back of my head. I read a review and they said it leaves a mark in your head. I put the strap higher up on my head and tighten it, which I find works better to secure it without letting light in. www.amazon.com/Rated-Patented-Sleep-Mask-Satisfaction/dp/B00M9BC1M8  So I also bought another mask from Etsy that has a double, thinner strap. It hasn't come yet, but I'm excited because it's hand made and uses real silk. That is, if you want. You can customize it endlessly with many different materials on the inside and outside, and a varying amount of materials depending on how thick you want it for softness versus airflow. Different types of silk, cotton, and bamboo. I chose 3 layers of bamboo/cotton, with silk on my eyes, and a cotton print on the front. I figure the bamboo with only 3 layers will air out my airs more, and the silk is for comfort.  https://www.etsy.com/shop/AllNaturalSleepShop 
You can try that out first, but I heard they don't work so well for blocking out absolutely all of the light. The Nidra mask has free returns to Amazon, stays on well and is comfortable, even if you sleep on your side, and doesn't have issues with chemicals leaking on your face (some do). Plus you can open your eyes with it.  see my previous post for more info.
I'm going to try keeping a dream journal.  How many of you do this? How long have you been doing it? Has it helped you recall your dreams in the morning?  Share your experiences here.
I know your feel. I can't bring myself to write down my stress dreams. And they are so depressingly \"real-life\" and straightforward that even Sigmund Freud could interpret them right.
How many of you do this?   One more here.    How long have you been doing it?   For about two years now.    Has it helped you recall your dreams in the morning?  Yes, it is the only way (I know of) to improve dream memory.  The super disturbing nightmares I leave out too, but I usually have multiple dreams a night, so there is always something to write down in the morning.  Sometimes I even get up at night, to safe a especially good or impressive dream.  Reading your own old entries has something magical to it. It's like diving down your past mind and exploring the graveyard of your memories. Note that dreams eventually may become or replace your memories, as they are sometimes even more vivid than the things you actually did.  As soon as I realized that, my view on the things I recall has changed. The past may never has happened, who knows for sure?  Anyways good luck with your project! Explore your mind!
This is still a source of problems for me : What should we do with those numerous «mundane» dreams we're we just experiment something barely different from the waking life? When I was younger it was high school scenes, for example. It's a pain in the ass really, as not writing them down pretty much mean less and less dream recall and motivation to record more powerful dreams
I just bought a notebook that will become my dream journal starting tonight. I want to remember my dreams better.
I had a dream journal for a while and it definitely helped me with recall. I can still remember a bunch of dreams I had while I was journaling them.  It's really neat how even when you scribble down nonsensical parts of the dream, when you read it later you remember it so well.
Lainons, what's the longest you've deprived yourself of sleep and how did you feel during this? And when you returned to sleeping, how were your dreams effected (if at all)? Longest I went was skipping a night of sleep and staying up until 9 AM the next day. I actually felt far more awake and alive than did I when I slept as to how I typically do. I'd a lack of dreams thereafter I recall, however I'd not been recalling my dreams prior to that as well, so may be unrelated to the sleep deprivation.
I once woke up midday on day 1, worked a night shift, but didn't go to bed day 2 morning, just playing vidya and stuff. I got called by the boss at 7pm day 2 that a lot of people called in sick and they really really need me there, so I did another night shift. I went to bed sometime around 2 pm on day 3 feeling quite numb and dumb. I don't really stay awake for days intentionally mostly because I'd be just sitting somewhere and try not to think about how comfy, soft and awesome my bed is right over there.
About 60 hours. Had a really messed up routine an went on an early flight, didn't feel like sleeping. The numbness and stuff felt kinda nice.    And when you returned to sleeping, how were your dreams effected (if at all)?  Can't really remember. I did wake up feeling extra comfy tho.
something like 40-50 hours, i don't remember exactly which is a direct effect.  first you feel sick and whatnot, then you feel ok and awake again and are sort of in a good mood usually, which is about 16-24 hours i think, and after that, i gradually get less concentrated and the cold can make you super tired of you're not careful. you start being very unproductive and your short term memory is bad and for me personally my eyes go really bad and all that stuff, i mean for someone who can't drink alcohol that would be an ok approximation maybe. and then comes the point where you should probably stop and go to sleep  i don't dream usually and especially not in the comatose-ish sleep when i'm recovering from sleep deprivation. if you sleep longer than that you can get dreams of course.  also sleep deprivation disrupts my digestion which is uncool, i should do it less.
Does anybody else enjoy their dreams better than life? Whenever I wake up I feel \"Oh  I've woken up.\" and then I'm really depressed for the rest of the day.
I know how you feel. Sleeping every night is like a new adventure. I wouldn't say waking up is terrible, but usually I'd much rather continue dreaming.   Someday, I want to start lucid dreaming. Supposedly you can be stuck in sleep paralysis for a while if things go wrong, though. Has that happened to anyone here?
I don't dream enough to feel they are better than my waking life. They are not too interesting either. Two things are wird in them though: one is how a minor detail or event of a scene always becomes the main event or location for the next one, making a chain of little sub-dreams only related by this one small detail. The other thing is people I know IRL. They usually preserve their appearance and personality, but don't seem to notice how weird the situation is and ending up acting very outlandish. I don't really sense much in my dreams. Smells, tastes, touch, heat, momentum, pain, itch, a lot of things are missing. It makes them feel quite dull, and I often get more vivid feels from weird stuff I read or see while I'm awake.
ive gotten sleep paraylsis plenty of times. ive learned to snap out of it though. you literally think to yourself \"i just have to close my eyes\" and close your eyes and you get back in the dream.    229  there are apps that help you lucid dream. ive used Awoken on android
Waking Life is actually a really good movie about dreams you should all watch.
I tend to have pretty vivid and absurd dreams. A lot more enjoyable than my repetitive and bland waking life.   I seriously feel more alive in my dreams.
List some cool dreams you've had here. I had one recurring dream where I was in the Totally Spies universe, in ancient Rome, and I could fly by tripping (like, tripping on a stone, not on drugs).   I had one dream where clones were after me and almost everyone was replaced by clones. I could find out who was a clone by making some weird sound or something.
I fucked some girls and my dick (outside the dream) exploded with ejaculate. It happened quite a few times when I was around 10, and also sometimes when I haven't fapped in weeks due to exhaustion from work, etc.  Wet dreams are pretty cool until you have to clean up for the nth time, not to mention that the orgasm and ejaculation wakes you up.
I could fly by tripping  \"There's a knack to flying. The knack is throwing yourself at the ground and missing.\" (Douglas Addams)
I had a dream about Lainchan.
, not to mention that the orgasm and ejaculation wakes you up.   You poor thing, waking up from fuarrrking orgasms.
I had a dream in which I was at an airport bar getting ready to leave on vacation. I was traveling with Bill Murray, Dan Akroyd, Steve Martin, and Woody Harrelson, and we were all wearing the same Hawaiin shirt.  I can't remember a single joke but I remember it was a hilarious time at the airport.
I keep having dreams about a qt girl i work with. She has a boyfriend who works with us too. This is bad..
Care to elaborate as to the events of these dreams?
all i remember was that we were in a room making casual talk with a lot of other people. the 2nd night i had the dream she got on top of me and kissed me on the cheek. i woke up. after i woke up i realized the girl in the dream was a mirror image of this girl at work i know.
This is bad..  Why, this is real life, no one forces you to make a pass at her just because you dreamed of her :D
It's likely she merely represents your feminine side (anima), and merely chose to manifest as someone you know as to attract your attention. Being that she's practically a female version of you, she'll seem your \"soul mate\ and this may cause unintentional feelings towards the way your anima chose to manifest itself; as your coworker.",
This is rather common as I've come to see it, once a guy in some other site said that he dreamed of  Yolandi Visser  and that he sometimes dreamed of somebody and suddenly couldn't think of that person. Happened to me about 3 times last year too. Why? I believe we are inadvertedly attracted to someone and our subconscious reveals that in our dreams, we dream of that person in a sexual/romantic way and then we wake up with the idea of having done something with that person, putting our hopes up and revealing the hidden attraction. You probably got over it already  or sperged all over your workplace 
Guys! I heard- Guys   If you die in a dream, do you really die for real?
I've died in my dreams a few times and yet here I am  but how do you know you died? when a person dies, only someone who isn't them knows that they're dead! (as opposed to unconscious)  also iirc, reviving old threads instead of making a new one with the same topic is encouraged. i don't know if that's changed or going to change once things move faster though.
but how do you know you died? when a person dies, only someone who isn't them knows that they're dead! (as opposed to unconscious)  ^This.
but how do you know you died? when a person dies, only someone who isn't them knows that they're dead! (as opposed to unconscious)  uh, maybe I woke up just before dying all those times. But I remember several times I was supposed to be dying.
Maybe no one ever really dies in dreams? Maybe they always awake directly prior to death, thus death never occurs to the dreamer within the dream.
What if I die in a dream in a dream? Do I get an extra life?
How does /drg/ affect your /zzz/?
I take melatonin when I want to get to sleep faster, aside from that nothing else really.
I dream more when I sleep high, but the dreams are more vague and harder to remember
I thought melatonin increased the frequency and made your dreams more vivid.
that one dream where you seem to be falling endlessly  
I thought this only was only hapening to me.
i never had any falling dreams either, but i think it would be pretty awesome - vid realted why i think so  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWsjlFB9l5Y   closest thing i had was in the stairway that goes down from my flat - i was moving down the stairs, falling so slowly that basically i could get down the entire stairway without touching the ground if i caught the bars and used them to turn around to the next few stairs i also had dreams of flying as a kid, but they were very very slow, like i had to concentrate and do these weird moves to keep me in the air. highest i could fly was roofs of some buildings, and it took a lot of time, but was worth so i did it. guess overweight kids move slow even in dreams, right?
literally every time that happens I'll wake up in the exact same position, face down with my head falling between the bed and wall  must be something to do with orientation
that's like all of them for me were scary at first, but I got used to them.
Does anyone ever keep dreaming after having hit the ground and died?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator   http://www.16personalities.com/  INFP / INTP I think that it lacks implementation, is basically an abstraction of what you think of yourself, and draws the lines incorrectly since most people are in the middle.
Why doesn't  http://www.16personalities.com/  load over Tor? That's some suspicious soykaf.
INTP fits just perfectly. Well, my horoscope fits pretty good too.  On an imageboard about dreams it would be rather unusual to find overly extroverted and social subjects.  Oh, I have yet to analyze my dream diary.
INTJ. Not sure what to think about it.
before teen ENTP    after teen INTP  kinda makes sense 
soykaf, you're right. does  http://www.humanmetrics.com/cgi-win/jtypes2.asp  work?
no matter what, i just cant dream anymore. what should i do?
have dream    its a couple who wants bloody sex    guy cuts up stomage and uses blood as lube    \"More blood!\" Says the blonde girl    get caught by police    they try again    this time they set of a rube goldberg machine for some reason   I have no idea what happened after
in my experience falling asleep with too many blankets on helped me have a more vivid dream. I wonder if the slight discomfort is like the touch equivalent to white noise.
My intuition tells me it has something to do with the fact that you will sleep less deeply with some discomfort, therefore you will spend less time being completely 'turned off' and more time in-between.
This is how I think it works, as well. You want a good balance so you're comfortable enough to sleep but not too comfortable. Coincidentally, recently I've started sleeping very comfortably (by hugging a pillow). It feels great, but I hardly remember my dreams during a regular sleep.
I barely have a dream or two the whole year. I usually dont go to sleep unless I'm really exhuasted or I have to force myself to sleep 2 hours before waking up for work. I sleep during the day mainly. Previously I would just lie in bed doing nothing which led me to asmr although I didnt know it was called that before. For me to sleep if im not exhuasted I masturbate which was mainly the way I did for the past 10 years or so. Maybe thats why I dont dream in addition to the fact that I'm very self-aware and rarely encounter any conflicts that I cant solve.
I've started keeping a dream journal and my memory of my dreams has shot up exponentially. I remember  a LOT. I can see them becoming more vivid now as well.  Issue: I can't take control of them. I don't even realize I'm watching them seemingly until I wake up.  What do I do? What did it for you? I very much want to explore the world of lucid dreaming. Like, a lot.
What seemingly helps is to constantly wonder whether this is a dream or not- eventually this will translate into your dreams and you will realize that it isn't a dream. Whenever doing any reality checks in waking life, don't have any expectations as to what will happen or that it will fail- this will merely translate into your dreams and cause all your reality checks to fail.
I don't know if this happens to any of you but I have some of a consistent intuition of being in a dream (when actually dreaming of course). This leads me, for example, of comparing dreams as if they were memories, thinking stuff like \"this dream is weird as soykaf\" without giving it a second thought, and keeping notes in the back of my head relating the dream with something I gotta remember in walking life. Seldom I realize I'm actually aware that it's all dream logic and don't really mind it much, just flow with it . Does  this happen to any of you?
I got it!!! Finally!! Although it was pretty quick.  I remember at some point in my dream telling myself to open my eyes, and I remember as I opened them in the dream I was sure I was going to wake up. It was very dark and I saw this girl who  I started walking after. It was very late in the evening and it was dimly lit  I followed her to this rooftop and she turned around and gave me this kind of come hither smirk, so I walked up to her and immediately started kissing her, pulling off our clothes, and having sex with her. I was really getting into it when I realized I wasn't having sex with her  I was looking at ME having sex with her. I realized and instantly said, \"is this a dream?\" And her and the other me stop and pull off each other as if I just stopped an acting scene, and they're both laughing and saying he knows, he knows. Suddenly I'm looking back at the girl, who is now clothed and smiling at me, and I say, \"are you my unconcious?\" I was very excited when I said this because I could feel my mind beginning to work and my own awareness (in the dream) increasing. She looked at the other me, also now clothed again, and said I really don't know what that is. I thought to myself I should have said the word subconscious, why did I say unconscious  and it was as if right then the dream characters understood and started laughing at each other again. The girl grabs my arm still laughing and says, \"We're you!! We're you!\" And I remember feeling suddenly both tired and excited at the same time . and then I woke up.  It was nuts. I don't know why I suddenly realized I was in the dream but it was very, very interesting talking to . myself? I guess?  I can't wait to develop this skill. If I can turn my dream mind into a holodeck of sorts the possibilities really seem endless.
I'm having the same problem, though I've lapsed on the journal. But, I think I had a partial breakthrough with a dream I had about a week ago.  The relevant part is I was simulating the personalities of two people I know really well, my brother and my mom, and an incongruency with their real personalities was what tipped me off. I simulated my brother so flawlessly I couldn't focus on him and the rest of the dream at the same time. When it came to my mom, she was unusually cold towards me. I realized this wasn't how she actually acted, and then everything stopped and the dream literally started dissolving around me. Then I gradually became aware of my real body and surroundings, instead of the dream stopping and me waking up all at once like I usually do.
that's seriously cool, congratulations. As for what the girl in your dreams was, she could have been just something your subconscious cooked up like you said, but another possibility is that she was your Anima. further reading:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anima_and_animus 
nightmares
Boogiepop phantom.
Not nightmare per see but I really hate dreaming about pissing. Especially the 10 seconds half-awake where I check my sheets for actual wetness. Happens 2 or 3 times this night. I'll take it as a reminder to not be a lazy ass and do a little something before going to bed.  And because I don't want to stain this thread with piss, one of the most striking nightmare I remember is the one where I'm prisoner in a spaceship, in a big dark room with large red glass panes. I'm locked on some kind of board, and my torturers drill holes in my back and fix some kind of exoskeleton to my spine. I felt actual pain all the while, and at the end of the process I became some kind of exhausted technological beast. I manage to escape with a girl who suffered the same as me and for whom I feel really compassionate.
I had this super bad when I was a kid, but it was either a big black sleeping dog, a snake, or an old man's face staring the fuarrrk out of me on the ceiling.
I don't know if this is a \"nightmare\" but I'll throw it here anyways;   Be five years old at Chuck E. Cheeses    Climb into tubes to play (pic related)    Come to a dip in the tubes and can't get out because keep sliding down due to slippery socks.     Too stupid to take off socks, watch other kids climb by barefoot with no issues.    Begin to cry.    Weird part; I don't remember how I got out of there, the memory stops there. I sometimes wonder if I'm still stuck in there and this is all a complex dream.
I had a weird as soykaf nightmare last night, where I and a bunch of strangers were infected with some weird skin condition. The visible effects varied from a lot of hair growing to a sort of elephantiasis, though only the face was visibly affected (for  obvious reasons), but then I was looking at everyone as if through a black n white videocamera, and the skin kinda blacked out in a blur, I was scared as fuarrrk and was unable to wake up for a while despite my effort
For last few days I have been having really violent dreams where I punch the living hell out of some bastard, bash them with a bat, machine gun their guts or just stab them up until their blood colors everything. In those dreams I enjoy their pain. Can someone explain those dreams? My environment hasn't really changed, I don't hate anyone IRL .so what gives?
don't worry too much as long as you've got proper impulse control. It's well documented and happens to tons and tons of people, but it's not usually the subject of conversation since it's easy for people to twist it into something like \"OMG anon told me he thought about killing you with a rolling pin when he was in the kitchen!!1\"   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intrusive_thoughts  further reading ;D
To me it sounds as if this is how you vent all violent thoughts. Or a manifestation of the hatred that doesn't exist, but should. Supposedly hatred is a healthy emotion to some degree, and by not exhibiting it, you are denying it of yourself. This might be unhealthy, so you manifest emotions of hatred as to vent.
Last night I dreamed of a group of people in orange overalls, that started machine gun fire at me and my friends for no particular reason.  I often get shot or stabbed in dreams.  When I hurt other people, its mostly with their own dropped weapons or with my bare fists.  One time I popped out the eyes of a guy with my thumbs and pressed his face into mud, so his bleeding eye holes got filled with dirt. After that a nuclear explosion blasted everything away.  Disturbing soykaf, that is.
What was the location of the fight?
A trench next to a bunker surrounded by muddy hills.
I'm a male on my early thirties. Since I far as I a remember I have dreams where I am  woman, and these dreams use to be very relaxing, to the point that the conscious me wishes they would never end. They are nice dreams, but I wake up feeling hollow an miserly. Does anyone here has something similar?
I remember someone telling me that he dreamed about chasing women in a labyrinth and other fucked up things during his childhood. Seems to be the polar opposite of OP's kind of dream. I figure, as far as things to suppress go, me and this minotaur dreamer just got severe anger management issues as we grew up.  I saw the first futa scene in Bible Black when I was about 9 years old, yet it never grew into anything other than just another fetish. Probably because I interpreted the scene to be about power and nothing else.
You were a female in a past life.
sometimes for humor, sometimes a comfort thing, sometimes sexual, sometimes to protest gender roles, and sometimes they like being girly.
do guys crossdress  No, because I'm not a fag.
Op does not realize quality that makes it 'very relaxing' ? There is no intrinsic quality of relaxation in woman, i'd say quite the opposite.   And then you wake up miserly? Either you are leaving out some large important parts or you are mad.   Its not the attachment to some seriously dumb idolization of women what is problem for you - its your aversion to your own body - and you should be! But not like that! Dumb.
tfw you get a dream with your waifu  dreaming is beautiful. i wish i could do this every single day until i die  i barely have dreams that i can remember tho, like one per month, any tips?
Writing down dreams greatly enables you to remember more. Whenever you do recall a dream, write it as soon as are you able- and preferably before you are fully awake. After having fully awakening 80% of the dream is allegedly already forgotten. Keep a notebook by where you sleep.
I've heard writing a dream journal improves your ability to recall your dreams and found this now:  http://lucidity.com/NL11.DreamRecall.html 
Is Hibiki you're waifu? She's in the anime, perhaps if you watch that just before bed you'll have more of her.
Sometimes I get nightmares. I don't want my waifu to experience my nightmares.
I keep having violent dreams in which I bash the living fuarrrk out of someone and they punch me quite a lot of times. It isn't the same environment, it isn't the same person but I always end up killing that person in heat of rage and anger from sheer punching to the face. It has been re-occuring for past few months and I don't know what it means .anyone can help?
Sorry lainon, but a similar thread has already been posted. Please repost this in    202 ( https://lainchan.org/zzz/res/202.html )
thanks
we've been discussing dreams mostly, but what about daydreams? The ones you have while travelling on a bus or in a car, during class, waiting somewhere, etc. Ones that can get interrupted by people talking to you, or something happening where you open your eyes or respond and then close your eyes again and try to continue where you left, sometimes successfully. maybe you even know you are daydreaming, but want to make that scene happen anyway.  i had one while travelling on and old, loud bus while listening to this noisy ambient drone metal thing. It was dark, and the bus was mostly empty so i had two seats to occupy. i was sitting on the inside row, and i remember that i had to balance myself in order not to fall out or lean towards the window. i also opened my eyes sometimes to check where we had been at the moment. the dream itself was short, and some parts were repeated or altered, i'm not sure. black and white, similar to the pictures  basically, there was a huge plowed piece of land, and at one side of it there was a 12-15 meter tall stone tower. it had the shape of a thick sword, and had no interior, it was more like a monument. at the bottom of the tower, there was a little pit, again made of stone, with five or six inches of very clear water. there were also some people with white faces and black clothes, who were just standing around waiting. every day or week, a person would arrive with vivid images of the stone tower in their mind, and they would show different reactions when actually seeing it for real. they arrived from all over the world, and they only knew that they had to find it and go near, but none knew what to do after. when they arrived, the agents in black would undress the person who arrived, and put them into the pit. there, these people would immediately become omniscient, knowing everything that has ever happened or will happen, and understanding how things are connected. i didn't really see signs of this, just knew this happened. however they also stopped moving or reacting to the world in any way, they would just lie there like corpses, with open eyes staring to whatever direction their face was looking. at this point, the agents took the person out of the pit, and placed him on a carpet and wrapped them in a blanket for the rest of the day, while they just stared into everything without moving at all. i kind of felt what they could have for a few seconds, and one interesting point was that they knew what was going to happen next - and so it did. when the sun started to set, one of the agents cut the throat of the omniscient person, and they pulled the corpse to a hole, where it was dropped. this would happen to every single one of them, and they all saw it coming, but neither did anything.
had a weird morning. it was kind of difficult to wake up, and while i was still mostly asleep, i saw pictures of my chair being pulled, the door opening and closing with no actual people doing it, no hands, just the objects moving by themselves, usually seconds after i \"received a quest\" - i felt that i need to move those things for some reason. maybe i sleepwalked or did things then went back to sleep and the memories messed up, i'm not sure.
Since you have much more control over daydreams, I use that to give myself cute ones about an imaginary love life, or pretty much any kind of wish fulfilment I want at the time. If I'm in a car they usually involve somebody running and taking impossibly long strides, effortlessly taking big leaps and bounds over whatever terrain is in front of them  sometimes I just let my mind wander over anything and everything. There's more but it's not really something I keep track of. I'll try to remember more now that I'm aware of it though
I did something like this once. I was delirious from being tired but I wanted to listen to a couple songs before I fell asleep. 3/4 through the second song, I saw an image of a character I had been trying to come up with an appearance for all at once, in a dynamic pose and with a sort of weird abstract color background behind them.
I greatly enjoy those intensive thoughts of things you plan to do that become day dreams. After a while you forget it's a day dream and it feels as if it's something you're actually doing. And then you open your eyes to realize it was just a dream and only a few seconds have transpired.
for a long time, i've felt like eating flowers
So what do you guys think of alternate sleep patterns  Apparently thea make lucid dreaming easyer since you spend more time in REM sleep  Has anybody tried one?
I believe so. It seems to have become less commonplace over time due to electricity and the like.  I do find it is more restful though, despite having roughly the same hours of sleep as a monophasic schedule (I've forced myself into monophasic sleep before and find it quite tiring).  I've also noticed that my dreams were much less vivid when I slept a monophasic schedule (or at least more difficult to recall) which leads me to pitch my theory that breaking up the sleep into two phases somehow allows for a deeper sleep (particularly in the second phase). That's mere speculation though.
I think it's just easier to remember them afterwards
I've fuarrrked around with my sleep cycle in every possible way, from sleeping 12+ hours to not sleeping at all for up to 8 days. Don't do it man.
You sleep even more than normal people with this schedule. Wouldn't it be better to stick to a normal 6 hour monophase instead? How can you even live with that much time wasted?
I spend no more than 8.5 hours asleep each night, that's a fairly standard number. The numbers I've offered up here are approximations, there are surely some nights where I do sleep a total of six hours.  However, 6 hours every single night is plain and simple not enough sleep for me to maintain healthy functioning, at least half the nights of any given week I need that 7+ hours of sleep.  Time spent taking proper care of yourself is hardly time wasted.
Lains, what's the most profound dream you've ever had, or one of the most profound dreams you've had.    I wake up on a warm tropical island    Seeing an out of place sewer grate, I crawl into it    I walk through a perfectly smooth, octagonal tunnel for what seems like ages    The tunnel ends and I fall into space    As I float I become acutely aware of my size    I panic as I destroy planets and stars just by floating into them, I can't maneuver at all    In the midst of my panic I turn and see that I'm floating towards the largest star I've ever seen    The star is so impossibly large I can hardly wrap my around it    I feel terrified and in awe, biblical awe, as I float towards it  After that, I woke in sweat, completely terrified. It was completely amazing, like a surreal continuation of my day.
dream can not be deep.
at Burger King with female friend    float upward and teleport to some dystopia version if the highschool I went to.    it's a work camp, and I follow around the girl I would later engage, and the breakup would ruin me.     we carve may 15, 2013 into stone several times, it was her mothers birthday but I didn't know then.    Serj tankian is playing a song I never heard in my pen.     I decide to become god and collect all matter to recreate the universe.    I start Naming planets after people I care about.    I get depressed and stop existing. 
I'm with my family in a cube-like metal tunnel that extends upwards. We are standing on a ledge high up. There's no gravity here. I know we're in space, inside a large, large structure. I begin exploring- my family remains on said ledge- and I stride down this corridor and become afraid at each turn, wondering what I may encounter, most specifically; alien life. Eventually my whole family joins me and we continue on the same path of which I strode earlier. I know that my family and I are the last surviving humans from earth- which I look at somewhat positively being that I hate humanity. My dad finds three identical glass crafts that are rectangular. They each carry 10-20 humans that I know aren't of Earth, but of elsewhere. They are all laying down, some floating above the others due to the lack of gravity. They, evidently, were in cryo-sleep and he awakens them, and they exit. At the top of each craft lies an alien body, of which we all refrain from awaking. The humans we awakened all enter a large craft of which we enter as well. I somehow just know that these humans are part of some uniting of all humans across the universe. My family and I are given are own room within the craft. The walls are made of glass. We put on these suits to counteract the G-forces of which we will be traveling. The craft takes off and flies in space. The stars look so beautiful as we pass them. We eventually land on an ocean planet. We land on a surfaced canyon area with arches made of natural yellow ocean stone. All the stone has coral attaches and starfish- evidence that it was once underwater. There is no sapient or even sentient life that we see. We all exit and explore somewhat, and then enter the craft once more and begin flying around the planet and landing and looking.
Not the most profound one since I have weird dreams almost everyday. only picked this one cause I had it saved in a text file. I had this other dream about watching a really fuarrrked up anime, and have some notes on it that I wrote after I woke up. I can post about it if anyone wants me to    with (fake) internet friends, playing some sort of mmo    on a computer I guess, kind of felt like I was in the game    regular mmo like wow or something, we're in a place like a town    soon we figure out some secret command, like /help and /cry actions like that    it's /wake up    we all do /wake up, and when you do it it sends you to a different part of the mmo, almost like another game    the new area is kind of open world like minecraft, trees everywhere and mountains    we try /wake up again, but it only seems to work once    random cut in dream I guess, like time goes by    I try the /wake up command again    this time it works, and I'm sent to this house that's bleak and brown, and syringes all over the floor    when I look outside the neighborhood looks fine, but the houses all look dirty and creepy    talk to friends on skype about the wakeup command (I don't even fuarrrking use skype or keep in contact with anybody)    none of them can do it    another skip in the dream I guess, got sent a youtube link (this may have happened before I did the wakeup command a second time, not sure)    this didn't seem weird at all, but it was a recording of a dream I had weeks ago or something    it was so strange. in the dream I had there were computer windows open and it was like a windows 98 OS, random pictures like faces and colors and strange expressions kept popping up randomly   Continued next post
at that time I thought, \"wow I sure have some weird dreams\". I realized the irony of that once I woke up    back to the mmo    the area I got sent to after waking up was on some other planet, and on some island near the south pole    it was called \"salt world\" or something like that, although it was more like a tropical island    friends on skype still freaking out because I disappeared out of nowhere    mmo kind of merges with real life, I get some special \"salt world\" internet and a special version of youtube    youtube version is like a hardcore version of liveleak    still red and white themed, but filled with videos of child porn and snuff. I don't really remember anything specific about any video, just that they were there    friend finally able to use the /wake up command a second time    I'm in a saloon type of place, brown with syringes still all over the floor    his head spawns inside a jar on a shelf, not able to move    dream skips a little, I think I was able to get out of that area and go back to the second one (minecraft-like area)    with like 3 friends instead of the 11 that I was in a group with on skype    we're ascending this giant tower    on the way up floors there are red demons roaming about, not really attacking or anything    we get to the top    there's just this platform that extends in 2 directions, so like a ladder on the ground that extends forever   that's all I remember, I believe after that I woke up. I have a dream basically every night but the last time I had a nightmare was about 6 months ago.
After many years of lifestyle change, studying, and practice- I can leave my body with a high margin of success.  Ask me anything
The brains energy source is glucose of course. Our bodies adapted to break down carbohydrates into glucose. Our body and brain especially is very sensitive to glucose. So anything with added sugars tends to create a huge spike, the body works hard to bring it down. Then you have this sort of rippling effect of up and down. The larger cycle can last weeks. Most of the time you wouldnt notice it too bad, but we have been eating it since childhood continuously. So once you cut it out, it takes about 6 months for the big cycle to end, your experiences become much more clear, your interpretations are less all over the place. Of course balancing the rest of the body according the the physical constraints that we are forced to take part in plays a massive role in it as well. As I stated, this is because upon returning all the data is filtered through the constraints.
This is all just astral projection there are many books on this topic. Here is a detailed guide if you want to project at will.    https://mega.co.nz/#F!6kJzEIJb!aVVgmWAM-aP_bU_8Co43FA   Fringe essentials   Astral Dynamics by Robert Bruce  If you are interested in what fringe is then follow the link below.   https://8chan.co/fringe/res/1.html   The rabbit hole is deeper than just this.
I am not really here for a pissing contest; To compete with someone on \"how far is far\ or where this rabbit hole starts and ends.    I've put in the work, and the time, and things are happening. I'm not reading them and repeating them, they are my own. I can help, I can answer some questions; and that is my goal.",
chan  go away back to your soykafhole and don't come back
philosophy fringe girl ebola-chan Fedora Hermes Trismegistus  it is wonderful to see how a brain that needs to do little to sustain itself can make up huge and coherent systems of bullsoykaf. i'm not even gonna call names here, i am just fascinated by the fantasy of some people  it is indeed magical
Does /zzz/ meditate?
inb4 read the catalog  Yeah, I try to do it as many times as I can each week. I practice Vipassana meditation for personal insight into things, along with some technique that I learned by word of mouth earlier this year that I haven't researched the name of, as well as mind palace technique. I feel like it has told me a bit about myself and my thoughts on various things, and in general made me more open minded. It's also helpful for reenergizing after a bad day.      /zzz/235   - this is the other thread btw.
So what's the purpose of this one then?
So, I had a weird dream a few days back.  My two roommates left me in my room.  One of them is Asian.  I decided to sleep in the Asian's bed.  I woke up in the bed a while later and found out that the bed was full of Soykaf.  There was a strong and thin string of Soykaf a few feet long in the bed that I somehow overlooked.  It had a layer almost like a plastic bag, but more fragile and thinner over some parts of it.  There were various stains and other Soykaf that I also missed when getting in the bed.  I don't think I even pulled the covers back.  I'm pretty sure I just barely moved the covers enough to get in the bed awkwardly.  Anyways, I'm out of the bed now and covered in Soykaf, when my two roommates come back.  The Asian is mad that I was in his bed and I ask him about the Soykaf.  We get in a conversation about him and I find out that it's his fetish.  It took some detective work, but me and my other roommate were disgusted.  Then I woke up.  I don't like either of my roommates.  What does it mean?
This word filter is fucking ridiculous.  This needs to be fixed.  Soykaf is in place of s h i t.
oh i'm sad now because i thought you actually meant soykaf as in.. coffee-like Soykaf, and i was like: wait, this exists???
SOYSoykaf
I slept and I was in the matrix. But it was a gay matrix the agents were strong muscle guys naked there erected penises were shooting loads at me I did the bullet time and dodge all of there cumshots except on which landed on my face and I fell and scream. I woke up and cried to school.
I think it means you're gay bro. Sorry.
no homo tho
you missed a golden opportunity in this post to call it the \"gaytrix\
hahahaha gaytrix
Lately I've been staying up till 3 or 4 in the morning and sleeping till 7 or 8 in the morning. I've tried to go to bed earlier but I'm having a tough time. What do you do to fall asleep?
Bad? If you are trying to go to sleep, yes. If you are planning on staying up a few more hours, exercising now will help you fall asleep then.
I've been trying to go to bed and get some decent sleep for a while now. I've been hitting the hay at roughly 11-12 at night. I used to get up at 7AM, but for the last few months I've been waking up around 5AM. I spend about 30 or so minutes rolling around before I drift back off into sleep. This is starting to take a toll on me, and when I try to go to sleep earlier I wake up earlier. I just can't seem to win, and I am not quite sure what to do.
I find that it helps to avoid video games late at night.
Try to unwind a little before bed. Try not to use any devices with a monitor for about an hour before you go to bed. Don't eat before sleeping either or your body will get excited over the extra energy and try to burn it off.  Make sure your room is fairly dark and the sheets are a comfortable temperature. If they are too cold it can cause you to become more alert just as you get into bed. Books are particularly helpful when trying to kill the hour off before bed. Try to read something light that require little brainpower to process the story. Furthermore try to avoid doing anything like reading, checking texts etc. in bed as this again will wake your brain back up so-to-speak.
i used to sleep with music and stuff, but now that im older i find i need it pitch black and quiet.
Francis Crick, the co-discoverer of the DNA molecule, has some theories on dreams, specifically REM sleep, as an \"unlearning\" mechanism.   http://profiles.nlm.nih.gov/SC/B/C/D/K/_/scbcdk.pdf   I'm an Artificial Intelligence researcher and just finished reading this paper. Does anybody here care to read this and have a discussion?
Do you mean, the fact, that meditation experiences are not vanished by this \"chemical rinse\ is prove of their non-imaginable character, say their realness? How can such extreme patterns be classified as non-parasitic?    \"They\" (the experience!! -not memory, taught or whatever) is vanished immediately after starting to 'think', when mind becomes the ordinary, so called 'monkey mind' - meaning it is attached and attentive of outside from, sense perception, emotion etc. You let the outside go and you get to inside and only like that. And the 'inside' is infinite compared to part of reality you experience in ordinary mind state, like when eating, listening, walking, planning, remembering, feeling, etc.  Scientific measurements and methods *can't experience mind*.",
Thank you very much. Something like this I've been looking for. After all the article in the op is over 30 years old. The removing part probably backs up the learning part, like a garbage collector cleaning out the memory, making place for more appropriate information.     388  That makes it hard for me to argument.
Hey OP, just need to mention this from  http://www.gwern.net/DNB%20FAQ#benefits  Apparently training your short term memory through memory games makes you remember dreams better and have more lucid dreams. Same effect is done by dream journals ..Even though memory games are on different level than short term memory, could we say that both of them have good effect on self-consciousness through practice of memory?
was going to start attempting to remember my dreams, not anymore.
Meditated for the second or third time today, was wondering if anyone else on /zzz/ had experimented with this, or just wants to talk about it. Does anyone else have good stories or experiences to share? Any interesting techniques? Is meditation /zzz/?
I see, thank you. It would be interesting if you could jog around a park or treadmill while meditating. Would help a lot with the boredom in these kind of activities.
Rather than meditation they're just exercise which is good for your body and hence your mind, you can teach yourself tai chi but it's probably easier to do so in a group, I wouldn't really put money onto the thought it can be used for self defence nothing will come up to sparing or actually fighting in that manner.    323  Try reading a book on philosophy, just a few minute a day and meditate to it. 'Mindfulness In Plain English' is a good one, a more western book to meditate on could be 'The Republic' or 'Thus Spoke Zarathustra' are good for a beginner. Stirner's The Ego and It's Own is good for intermediate level, though for the highest level of understanding you must meditate on your own thoughts and discover yourself, but a book will help you on the way.    334  You can meditate in such a way, the Japanese are found of doing such a thing, but make sure your work really is monotonous, no checking of labels etc otherwise the thoughts will distract you.    338  Meditation shouldn't be boring, either you aren't meditating or your thoughts are boring. You can as stated here previously meditate on anything, playing football or rugby, fencing both western and eastern etc.
Meditation shouldn't be boring  Sorry I meant to say that the monotonous activities are boring, not the meditation.  I find meditation exciting since I usually have a lot going through my head. Meditating feels like lucid daydreaming (if that makes sense), though I'm not sure if that means I'm doing it wrong or not.    no checking of labels etc otherwise the thoughts will distract you  Yeah I've noticed this a lot. Anything that disrupted my work disrupted my flow (I found out there was a word for this:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_%28psychology%29 ) and took a while to get me back into it.
Saw radiant basically by accident, walked around in complete bliss and completely out of any kind of pain or suffering for a week before it faded (no drugs). Sexual orgasm is ridiculously plain compared to that, even disgusting.  Can predict next action someone will take and see how anyone feels/thinks just by being near them. Can tell/automatically know if someone is lying from intonation of voice. Can see over and under any human abstraction. On the negative side - got to know that practically all people are lying, greedy, hateful pricks, even if they act out good on the outside.  There are techniques that give you 'super-powers', but no one will give them to you.  Basic technique is uninterrupted (by taught, etc) focus with sustained evaluation. Like focus on breathing, air going in/out your nostrils.
it's been 40 days or so but don't think I've given up on meditation  I've meditated a few times, sometimes with reflection on readings (a little on the ego and its own, as well as some other things I've read) and learned a fair amount about myself in the process. Sometimes, though, my thought seem to just wander about a little. I'm not forgetting to pay attention to breathing, however, and I bring myself back when things go too far. Bodily awareness hasn't improved too much, because I'm focusing on trying to be aware of my breathing without actually controlling it I think I'll follow what mindfulness in plain english and yourself have advised me from here on, thank you so much.
I keep having dreams featuring various girls i liked from high school. nothing lewd.
I taught you liked boys
I had a dream last night that i was fighting a wave of demons on bicycles coming through a dimensional vortex thing and i was on a bike myself, riding in the opposite direction. i started to race them and i used various holy powers to defeat them one by one before the race was over.   wtf
What exact powers did you use?
When you all dream, you are running around in a bubble world, a sort of prison which keeps you from navigating the open world system. All the bubble worlds are connected to a hub, which is essentially the open world system where all the dream people interact with one another, outside of your perception. You are not ready for the Hub. There is a lot of work that needs to be done before the Hub is able to be accessed. When will you join us?
op please tell me more. I want to learn.
Me too, please post something more concrete.
I dreamed of a new League champion, including a spotlight and gameplay footage. The trees felt much more real though. She was a support, and quite an OP one indeed. Short, blonde hair, similar movement to Janna, but had a white-purple color theme. Name was made of 2 words, Q????? Noma Her Q was the core thing, it made enemy champions switch side for 4 seconds. They could not receive damage from my team, but they got buffs and heals and stuff. Their turrets started to shoot them, ours stopped. Their own team could shoot them. The most fucked up things came from transforming them while they were escaping or hugging a turret. W was an aoe damage over time, just like Nasus W, but you could put it on a teammate for minor shield, and then the aoe followed them. E was a short range aoe magic damage in front of Noma. Her ultimate was  fucking wicked. Depending on the country you were from, it did fake game events, like lag, server shutdown, user ban, update, etc UI elements appear in the game for everyone. Can't remember the passive, nothing significant.  My question to OP is, how do I buy this champ?
Look at it like this:  -People are kept separate from each other within the Collective Unconscious. Initially, this seemingly protects individuals. However, these bubbles also act as a means of control. Dreamworld criminals act as gatekeepers, or jailors, preventing people from utilizing the dreamworld as a social networking medium. These criminals pose as deity figures and work in conjunction with one another to create a system of control that has prevented progress from occurring  until recently.
You are not ready for the Hub.   Not really  You know what karma you will get for this? You better fix that or my Naga will catch you.
Here's my log from the past days, I would like to ask if this progression is ok for getting into lucid dreaming: Day 1 - I usually get high on information, that tickling on the left side of my head feels good, knowledge is awesome and stuff. It's the same tickling I get when I dream. Are they connected anyhow? Day 2 - I recall what I dreamed. This is the second day in a row. 3/4 \"highs\" Day 3 - 3 highs. I wanted to try lucid dreaming. As a writer, I wanted to become a character I wrote about. At the dream, I saw her. We both were aware that everything was a dream, still, she stared back! Day 4 - today I woke up twice before getting out my bed. That makes 3 sets of dreams, with 3-1-4 scenes for each. The last one had a full sequence, a small story I can remember.  Opinions on this?
I had my second lucid dream. Two info peaks yeasterday, my dreams are becoming longer and easier to recall. I did a reality check twice: breath in, air. Breath in again. More air. I tried making some fireballs, but got purple orbs instead. Anyways, 10/10 would try again.
are you keeping a sleep journal? those are really useful to me.   I did a reality check twice: breath in, air. Breath in again. More air. I tried making some fireballs, but got purple orbs instead.  you seem knowledgeable on this topic so I'd assume you've at least tried one out. If so, how'd it go for you?  now I wait a month for your reply.
I'm sorry for the (really) late reply. I've been trying to keep a log of every dream, but August/September have been rough months so far: it seems routine and stress are coming back to my life, but still, I can remember some dreams. They're somewhat vivid, some of them are long (5/6 scenes), and I don't feel tired at all when I wake up. Wish I had more LDs this week, or a single dream. I miss them.
why is nobody I know in waking life ever in my dreams?
I have a couple of dreams where I see my friends, sometimes I see family too. Maybe because I tend to avoid family in waking life, therefore they don't show up. Dreams where they show aren't too nice.
That can't be right. It's been proven that the only people who you see in your dreams are people from the real world. Although most of them are probably just strangers you looked at passing by on the streets or something there's bound to be at least 2 or 3 recognisable faces somewhere in there.
Probably because nobody you know in waking life holds enough significance to your thoughts.   If the theory of dreaming being your mind cataloging important events is true, your brain just isn't cataloging people as important.  Figures from waking life only very occasionally appear in my dreams, and tying into my indifference of others in this way I also struggle to remember names or people and routinely catch myself doing things or saying things without much consideration for other's feelings.  I dislike this about me.
this I sometimes find myself sexing people I haven't seen in at least 5 years
Everyone you see in your dreams you've seen in your life before. Only if you've only seen them once.  Your mind bends and morphs images you've seen before, thus forming dreams. Think about how you never actually see yourself die in dreams. That's because you've never actually died yourself, so your mind can't create that image. It can set it up like you're going to, but you wake up before.  I've always found this so fascinating.
Have you ever had a dream that has foretold events that would happen? Not: \"Next day my goat will eat that left flower\ but instead where months pass after the dream until at some instant you suddenly realize you are currently enacting the EXACT events of a dream you can barely remember.  I have these ever so often, and its the creepiest thing in the world to recognize you already know what will happen next. Usually the lag between the dream and the actual event is something awful like half a year and I don't remember them until deja vu. Posting this because one of those Just happened to me right now for some reason. Pic very related.",
I'm fairly interested in this as well, it's definitely not deja vu. I can remember my dreams fairly well, and I remember having one where I was driving in a car I didn't recognize with some friends in an area I didn't recognize either. A few weeks later, the exact same scenario played out. My grandparents have told me a few stories of this happening to them as well, and I've seen people briefly mention it on the net but nothing more than that.   I don't remember where I read it, and this theory sounds largely implausible, but it sounded pretty interesting. Something about time not being sequential, but happening all in one time-frame- everything has and is happening (and is largely predictable) due to the universe following a set of laws. We perceive things in order, but occasionally catch a glimpse into time differently. Not very scientific but it's fun to think about.
I have dreams like that too.   I've been having dreams like that since I was about 14. It would be like watching a clip of your life; only a few seconds long at most, but more often it's just an image. No, an image doesn't describe it. It's like just a blink of your life in the future. One precise moment, a perfect visage of every detail, smell, and emotion that I would be feeling at that time. The dream is so vivid that can never forget them. they are always at the back of my mind. And when that moment occurs in waking life (the shortest interval I've had was a week, the longest: five years so far) it is the most acute sense of deja vu that there is no way for me to ignore it.  Because the interval between the dream and it actually occurring is so random I can't really learn much from it. It's just a desultory blink into the future.
that's really interesting, because I can never remember them
I have those all the time, I just assumed this was what people meant by dejá vù.
If you are consciously aware of those in advance, you should really write them down. It'd be interesting to see what the data looks like.
My entire life I've never been able to see my face during dreams or even be able to picture my face while I was awake, so my dreams have either been of a hooded figure who I assumed was me or the face was just a blur. I accepted this as normal and continued on with my life for 12 years until yesterday while napping on the couch I had a dream where I was standing on the edge of a cliff looking out at the ocean and I was looking at myself from behind, then the 'camera' started to go around my body until it reached my face where it focused on it and started to zoom in until all I could see was my face and whiteness around it.  Usually if this happens the face is all distorted but this time I could actually see me, but it was sort of fading in and out. I wasn't doing anything or showing any emotions, just looking out at the ocean.   Anyways, what do you guys think this means? Have I finally found out who I am? Is this my subconscious saying I'm ready to die?  Sorry if there was any bad grammar, English is not my good language.
I have been pushing myself to be more social, but other than that no.
Has it been a worthwhile experience so far, pushing yourself to be more sociable?
No, it just leaves me dissapointed and sad.
becoming sociable  I became a little more sociable when I started beeing friends with some nerds who were quite sociable but with whom i could mainly have interesting conversations.
The problem is I moved to a city where I didn't know anybody so I could get a job, so after a month the only people I knew were co-workers and we have no interests in common. How would I go about making friends at my age?
A little bit ago I had a dream, which was re-occurring for 2-3 months.  This dream is real creepy. It enters with a character who is in rough clothin, jumping on top of a taxi. Im surrounded with thousands of people in a large city, skyscrapers around me and a stop light behind me. I raise the AK in the air, a long with the other people around me. It seems like its some kind of rally, we cheer comprehensible words.    BAM   I see the character, which I believe is me get shot in the head, I fall off the taxi.   Still being in 3rd person I see the thousands of people charging into the city. Yelling some sort of war cry, it ends like this.
Is that what you really remember or are you trying to make sense of bits and pieces, and/or excluding things you remember but can't explain? Not being hostile, just trying to understand your dream better.
I have this series of 3 dreams in a row almost every night involving a giant black snake roaring in my face with enough power it starts to shake whatever building im in and it starts eating people around me, i manage to get out and think i wake up. next i \"go back to sleep\" and \"wake up\" to my mother being in my room, leaning over me extremely angry but the entire room looks like there is a black light on and her eyes are glowing green, then im in the desert walking over dunes endlessly. Usually at the end i actually realize im dreaming and i start suffering from sleep paralysis. At this point i wake up in the real world panicked and i can remember the dreams for hours afterwards.  I cant tell if its real, but i do remember waking up between each of these dreams. Every night for 3 nights.
Try and change the dream when you're in it. You know the phases; start to play with them. When you wake up between the dreams, tell yourself you'll take it in a new direction. See where it goes
the only direction i can take it in, is being aware that ive seen it before. The dream plays slightly different but im unable to change it dramatically. Every time so far subtle things have been added or removed. For example, the third time, after scene #2 my friend was sitting in a hallway cleaning his shoes as i was transitioning to scene #3. By the third night i remember being prepared for whats going to happen but it still effects me like ive never seen it before (ie: terror   despair).
/zzz/ what is the longest you have ever went without sleep?
Around 78 hours, probably a few less.  This was a year ago so I cannot remember much. All I recall is that when I decided I should sleep I just laid down on my bed and closed my eyes and woke up the next day almost instantaneously. Usually I feel like there's an in between part when I sleep. I am not sure if any of that made sense.
Lemme guess anons.You felt terrible abefore finally sleeping?
here, I felt relaxed and somewhat very peaceful before falling asleep. I wouldn't say I felt terrible.
i had that a few times, too. even after normal days. i remember this one time i was looking forward to something very much as a kid, went to bed around 10 pm, and couldn't fall asleep for hours, and then this one time i blinked, and suddenly the sun was up. i was watching the window in the same pose as before blinking, and it was weird
-50 hours, I studied all night once and then caffinated myself stupidly at around 4pm which kept me up that night also. Went to bed at like 5pm that day.
When do you usually dream? I don't know why but for some reason, sometimes I don't dream at night. At all. But I dream at day time, mostly when taking naps or waking up and oversleeping. But then it becomes the opposite. And for some reason, I always have bad dreams at day time.
I never dream if I'm really tired. I only dream while napping or if I wake up and then continue to sleep some more, just like you, OP.
I dream but they're never satisfying dreams. I always dream about my regular life.
I never dream if I'm really tired. I only dream while napping or if I wake up and then continue to sleep some more, just like you, OP.   +1
Same here. Only in really rare cases my dreams are what people draw about dreams. Most times its just some scene around my hometown or some place I associate with a place I actually know and me interacting with acquaintances. Something is usually fucked up, so in hindsight it's easy to determine whether it was a dream or a faded memory.
i've realized that my dreams are usually continuations of previous dreams. i guess my mind is trying to fabricate a happy place on its own.
Hey, i haven't been able to sleep very well. When i do sleep i only sleep for about an hour and thirty minutes. This sleep is very intense, i will often wake up feeling like i jogged a mile, panting but not sweating. Often when i dream i can't even move, not even in a lucid dream.  Anyone else get this experience?
Are you sleeping only for an hour and a half? Are you taking any kind of medicine/pills/things that change the way your body reacts?  Keep an eye for psychological/behaviour changes on your routine, l'non. This can be dangerous for you and people around you, maybe not now, even if just in a few months.
I'm not a medical professional or anything, but getting an hour and a half of sleep an night sounds really serious. In particular, you are likely not to be getting any REM sleep at all, which is going to have psychological effects if it's not dealt with:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rapid_eye_movement_sleep#Effects_of_REM_sleep_deprivation   You should probably talk to a doctor about this; if nothing else, sleeping pills will get you temporary relief.
Thanks lain. I’ve been getting much better
Does anyone else take Melatonin before bed? I specifically do it because when i wake up im still semi asleep. I am aware of my state but I cant move my body.
i've had sleep paralysis a few times. it seems to happen mostly when i wake up during a dream. like i'll wake up and want to write the dream down but i won't be able to move. usually i can overcome it if i just keep trying.
When it isn't terrifying, sleep paralysis is a really nice feeling.
i love the feeling
I've had this happen to me one time, and it scared the shit out of me. i thought i was going to die
Every time I take melatonin, I just sleep for like, 12 hours. All it gets me is a headache after, endless grogginess, and no dreams. I should set my alarm to get me up a little while into taking it, see what happens.
Aseptic Void - Anxiety and Visions (2014)  http://asepticvoid.deviantart.com/ 
So much Lain, I'd like to remind you who the real dreamers are
I only see one real dreamer there. Who are the fake ones?
Shit show and my   40 confirms it
Fuck I meant doobs
I see threads about nightmares and for me nightmares are nothing more then un-controlled psyche in a dream reality.  I myself still have not mastered perfect lucidity at will, but I hope to easily achieve a lucid state in \"dream reality\" more frequently and practice constantly. Having it happen to me about 5 times, it was life changing each time and Its what keeps me motivated to always get back.
i've only ever experienced this once, where, i realised i was dreaming, and for i brief moment, could do anything i wanted i chose to fly it was great, but very fleeting that was years ago
I've been practising dreaming and lucidity for a few years now and consider myself quite good at it, so I can offer some tips that worked for me.  1. Keep a dream journal under your pillow, and write in it as soon as you wake up. Just write whatever you can, even if it's short or fragmented.  2. Read your dream journal before you go to sleep. This seems to remind you of what a dream is, which will help you distinguish between dreams and reality, and also help you remember your dreams better.  3. Find something that can tip you off as to whether you're in a dream or not, and occasionally test this in reality. I choose to try to float, as I can always achieve this in my dreams, and it looks totally inconspicuous irl.  4. Have an idea of what you want to do in a lucid dream before you have the dream. If you spend too much time thinking during your dream it will make you wake yourself up. Instead, as soon as you're lucid, start doing what you want and focus more on the action than the thoughts involved.  Hope that helps!! :)
that's what i did the first and second time i lucid dreamed. both times i soon lost control and fell into water and into another dream. lately though i've had a few more. it's really random sometimes i become lucid and just don't do anything. in one i was being drivin around by a rich older woman and decided i liked the ride so i just sat there. other times i've played video games in my head, practiced flying and remaining lucid, made a cigarette appear in my hand. right now my goal is to talk to my subconscious. my only problem is i can't decide what i want to talk to it about. i should really write some things down and drill them into my head so i can remember
Writings things down for the goal of exploring ones dream is never a bad idea.
time I had a nightmare IWAKURA LAIN wasn't real and wasn't my gf good thing I woke up ha ha
Let's stay off mom's and I will stay off yours.
time I had a nightmare IWAKURA LAIN wasn't real and wasn't my gf good thing I woke up ha ha 
Wanting to have lain as your GF and not as your daughter 
wasn't lains father some alien thing? her parents weren't real but were they just hired people or were they aliens or something? shit maybe i should watch serial experiments again
They were hired by Tachibana Labs.
that one friend who always thinks up a bullshit dream of something dumb happening to him like him being chased or shitting his pants everytime he wakes up just to start a conversation.  Why the fuck do people do this? If you want to talk about something just ask what game I've been playing while you were asleep or something. There's no need to make up shit.
Listening to people's dreams has the potential to be a pain in the ass 100% of the time, that's why this board might not last tbh. It's impossible to tell when people are making shit up especially on the internet.
ITT: herp general
tfw random lucid dream, my first one ever    I could do anything! :D   Needless to say I completely wasted it.
The last time I had a lucid dream, and could hover around a bunch of girls, was at least five years ago. I landed in front of a girl and went \"well I'll just wake up if I do this-\" and tried to grope her, but she started freaking out - without me waking up.   I started to apologize when suddenly she went batshit crazy, shoved me to the ground and started dryfucking me right there in public, grinding into me to the point that it started hurting me. When I started protesting I woke up with my boxers weirdly twisted and hurting my erection.
Had a similar experience a couple years ago, I was able to induce that I was in a dream one night. Then I realized that I was losing touch and so I quickly remembered some advice that if I spin around and something with carpet I'll stay asleep so I quickly ran into the house and did that and next thing I know I'm awake.  Was real buttmad, wanted to fugg me some squid grill before waking. Oh well.
tfw no grills to mire hovering steez  ;-;
http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2014/may/11/lucid-dreaming-electric-scalp-stimulation-study 
woops forgot to ginish this dream. ok so right after i decided not to fuck everything around me transitioned out like some cool powerpoint transition and i was flying up above the clouds. i came to the peak of a mountain that i can only describe as eden like paradise. there i sat on the cliff of the mountain and talked to my own subconscious. i alked it how to atain unknown knowledge and it told me to inven blah blah blah. i asked it what blah blahblah was and it said it didn't know it just meant i should invent something new. i decided to call out and try to contact a devine being. a man who looked like the general god figure appeared next to me. i asked him if he was god and he said yes. i told him to prove it and he said he would turn the temperature down 30 degrees. i felt as if my body were shriveling up and dying. it was a sensation i've only felt when i was on acid. this convinced me but before i had any chance to ask him more questions i heard an authority type voice say \" you two janitors come with me\" i believed this man had called god a janitor and the idea that this janitor wasn't supposed to be talking to me came to me. i was shocked and they walked me over to a line of people who looked like concentration camp prisoners. god gave me a mouth guard and said \"you might need this\" i put it in my mouth and forcedmyself to wake up. i felt like the warden had showed up and was taking me back to the prison of waking life that i had just escaped from.
I have frequent lucid dreams. It's all just mental noise, nothing interesting. Been there, done that.  Am I dead on the inside?
nah man, it just means you don't get anything from having a world in your control personally, lucid dreams are cool and all but I like dreaming normally for the adventure of it
I guess this goes here. A friend of mine had trouble getting out of bed in the morning. I told him to slide away his phone on his pillow so he will have to get up.  I made a video tutorial on how to do it if anyone is interested.
hahahahahah
do you have a guide on how to get to sleep   please it's already 1230 and I know I'm gonna be up until 4
melatonin
hi pea  3
I lube you, Pea
i saw an evil pig face in my dream, and as i woke up, i herd a loud screech and bang. Now, i remember it as if i was awake, but dreams are funny like that. has anyone else experienced this?
I just finished watching this documentary on dreams and thought you guys might find it interesting!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WcG_UBhYok 
you can embed video on this board. right below the choose file button
ah, you're right.  sorry, I'm stoned.    test 
